A Moment in Time
[ARCHIVE — older Reedsy comp piece, already FINISHED AND SUBMITTED before capture 2026-08-25.
Author: "old and not my best work." Archived as a finishing-record entry + before-photo yardstick;
chat read 2026-08-25 logged in the comp tracker. Prompt # and submission date: not on record.]

I'll never forget the random hermit who flipped my life upside down. He looked disheveled, with long, greasy, frizzy hair falling down his back. His beard was long and grey, with large bushy eyebrows. The one thing that shook me to my core was his eyes. They seemed devoid of life, light, or any color. Two endless voids that ripped their way through my soul. It was like he could see me, all of me. There was no hiding from the two endless voids that cut me to pieces. Suddenly, his eyes shot back to a normal brown. He terrified and comforted me at the same time; it was truly unsettling.
It was the cold, gloomy month of October. Fall was ending, and the spikes of winter had started to cut into my warm existence, and the last few months had been absolute shit. My girlfriend left me in August, ending what was a fantastic seven-year relationship. She said she needed space, that she wasn't ready to commit to a lifetime yet. I mean, I guess? What else could I do? It was her decision. Shortly afterward, I started to do drugs again. Light at first, just some weed, but before I knew it, I was knee deep in a trap house dropping acid. My life started spiraling, and I embraced the ride. Fast forward to now, I quit my job in September, and I had just enough in my savings to keep me afloat till January. Then I'd get my shit together, but for now I was searching for my next high.
I had just grabbed my morning coffee and decided to take a walk in the park. I was coming off a brutal bender and needed to recalibrate my senses. That's when I spotted him. He was sitting next to the bench, not on it. He had a cup in his hand, and I had some cash, so I threw whatever was in my pocket into his cup. He barely reacted, just mumbled quietly. I thought nothing of it and continued on my way. I kept walking until I found myself at a bridge overlooking a river. I walked to the ledge and leaned over. I took in a deep breath, allowing the morning air into my lungs, until a putrid smell disrupted my peace. The hermit was next to me, like right next to me. I never noticed him, never heard a footstep, or even sensed him. He was also looking over the edge, not moving or anything.
It made me uneasy, so I broke the silence, "Hi, uh, Sir, I'm Jason." I turned to him and held out my hand for him to shake it. Instead, he didn't react, just kept looking into the distance. Even though I was uneasy, he didn't come off as dangerous. Maybe just senile.
Not knowing what to do, I just started babbling. "You know, man, life is so weird. One second you're on top of the world, the next your girl just left you for nothing that you did. It's just fucked up, man. What is the point of this life?" I sighed deeply after my tirade.
"Ya me too, man, I don't get it either," I said, mostly to myself. I took another sip of my coffee, allowing the hot liquid to warm my soul.
When I looked back up, the man was looking at me, not at me, but at me. The two endless voids undressed every part of me. Before I could process the two voids in front of me, they were back to normal. Two brown pools of mud. The incoherent look was gone; it was like the man had regained all his sanity.
"I know what you mean." The words shocked me. His voice was deep and velvety, something I would have never expected. "Let me ask you something, young man. What would you do if you lived forever?"
The question caught me off guard. What happened to the crazy man I saw just a few minutes ago? I thought for a moment before speaking again. "I guess I don't know," I said.
"That's correct, no one would. The idea is so far-fetched that people can't fathom eternity. Let me ask you, young man, would you like to go on a journey?" He asked.
The question caught me off guard. Now he suddenly wanted to take me somewhere.
"Uh, not today, sir. I have stuff to do in a little bit." I said. I didn't know this man. Why would I go anywhere with him?
"We both know that's not true, Jason. All you want to do is get your next fix." I was stunned, too much to speak.
"Now then, Jason, let's get going." He turned to me and placed a hand on my shoulder. Suddenly, the pools of mud had turned back into endless voids. Before I realised what was happening, my vision blurred. A swirl of colors flooded my sight; it was like I was falling through a wormhole.
When my vision reappeared, I was in a desert. The hermit was next to me, but he looked completely different. His tattered clothes were gone, replaced with traditional ancient Egyptian clothes. His face was clean-shaven, and his hair was gone, hidden underneath the headdress of a Pharaoh, and his skin was tanned.
"Welcome, Jason, to my homeland. The great country of Egypt." He stretched his hands out in front of him, raising them to his sides. "Come now, we must meet my wife. Something is about to happen, and you must see it." He said and rushed forward. He grabbed me by the hand, dragging me behind him.
Thoughts raced through my mind. I looked down to see that I was still in my normal clothes, at least. Actually, it was a bad thing. I was in a thick winter jacket and pants. The sun beat down on me hard, forcing me to sweat.
I dug my heels, "What a minute, stop." I commanded. "What the fuck is going on?"
"We're on an adventure, Jason, I told you that before we left." He flashed me a smile, revealing pearly white teeth.
"Take me back now. I have stuff to do." I demanded.
He stopped and looked back at me. "No, you don't, Jason. I know what you plan to do today. I saw what ails you in your soul. You showed me a kindness today, Jason, and I will do the same for you. Now, get moving." He picked right back up, dragging me behind him.
After running through what seemed like endless dunes, we arrived at a house next to a river. I assumed it was the Nile River, but I expected many more houses. The house sat alone; it was a simple structure. The home was only one story tall, and it looked like it was built from hard sand.
The man stopped at the top of a tall dune. He looked to me and put a finger to his mouth in a shushing motion. I followed his lead and watched. Not long after, a beautiful woman appeared walking along the river. She was alone, in white robes, with something covering her face. I could still see her face, and her beauty enthralled me. She had long black hair that cascaded across her back. The man could see me staring, and he elbowed me in the ribs.
"Ow, what the-" Before I could finish, he shushed me. He pointed back to the woman who was walking up to the house. She looked around, as if she were scared someone was following her. She knocked at the door three times. A tall, handsome man appeared at the door and ushered her in.
The man stirred next to me. "What's wrong?" I asked before he could shush me again.
"That woman is my wife. The man who answered the door is my best friend." He said in a sad voice.
"I'm sorry, man, I know that must hurt to see." I patted him on the back.
"It is ok, Jason. I have relived this moment a thousand times. Each time it hurts a little less, but it hurts nonetheless." He was still staring at the house. He sighed, "Let's go, Jason, and we have more to see." He put his hand on my shoulder again, and his eyes once again changed to two black, endless voids.
The colors flooded my vision again. I started to get nauseous as I fell through the wormhole. Everything stopped at once, and I hurled as the world reappeared around me. Now, I was in what looked like a throne room. The man sat on a golden throne, his expression somber. His wife rushed through the door in a panic.
"My love, we must leave at once. They will cut out your heart." Her eyes were wild with fear. She ran towards the man and tried to pull him from his chair. "My love, now we must go." She was screaming at him. He barely acknowledged her.
Finally, he looked to her and spoke, "I know what you've done. I know what you're planning. You've betrayed me."  There was darkness to his eyes, but not like the never-ending voids that captured me.
"I don't know what you're talking about, my love. We must go, think of our children." She pleaded.
"Those children are not mine. I know who they belong to. Unfortunately, dear, I will leave you to perish here with your true love. You have brought this upon yourself."
"You're crazy. He was right. You were never fit to rule this kingdom. The downfall of our great land is your fault. It's his time now." Before she finished, she lunged forward with a blade.
Before she connected with the blade, we fell back into the void.
When I came to again, we were back on the bridge. The man had retaken his original form. He looked to me, sadness written all over him. "You see, Jason, that was only one instance in the never-ending folds of time. Once, I was a pharaoh and ruled an empire, brought down by the same woman I loved. Thousands of years later, I stand before, having lived a hundred different lives. The sadness you feel, Jason, is only temporary, but I can see the path you're heading towards. Don't end your life over the actions of one person. At the end of the day, we're all just people floating through life. This is only one event with many more to come. Live your life, Jason, to the fullest; don't end it over nothing. It will fade." He looked deeply into my soul again, but the two pools of mud never changed. "This is the only kindness I can offer you. I hope you'll continue to offer kindness to those less fortunate."
After that, he returned to his incoherent babbling. The man I went on a journey with had left. He wandered off back the way he came.
That day sticks with me even now, forty years later. He was right, of course. It was only one moment in my ever-evolving life. Soon after, I quit drugs cold turkey and re-entered the job force. I met the actual love of my life, too. She sits next to me as I remember my life-changing moment. Together, we opened a string of businesses that are now wildly successful. The woman who almost ended my life is now a distant memory, along with my path of self-destruction.
