Black Market Therapist

“Hi, pleasure to meet you Mr. Gomez.” Joe said his smile wide and professional.

“Buenos Noches, Senoir. Thank you for taking me on short notice.”

“No problem at all. So what’s been bothering you.” Joe met his brown eyes, something he always did with clients.

Meeting his gaze, Mr. Gomez began. “You see, Mr. Lang, the line of business I’m in is very stressful.” He leaned forward, resting his arms on his knees, gold crucifix hanging off his neck.

“That’s a common thing. I see it a lot in some of my more successful clients. How have you been managing your stress?” Joe replied, his smile still warming the room.

“Many things. As many things I can get my hands on. Drugs, alcohol, women, gambling.”

Joe started to write on his notepad. In between notes he would peak glances at Mr. Gomez. 

“Mr. Gomez, that’s a very unhealthy way to live your life. You need to channel your energy into something a little more positive. All of those methods you mentioned aren’t bad in moderation, but it shouldn’t impede you in your professional and personal life. Which is next, how are things at home? At work?”

Mr. Gomez sighed deeply, now leaning back in his chair. He ran his hand through his thick salt and pepper hair.

“Eh, not so good. One of the rival companies in my industry is attempting to uh, how can I put this, is attempting a hostile take over.” Mr. Gomez reach for his glass of water and swirled it like a glass of wine. He studied it, watching the water circle around.

“My home life hasn’t been great either. My girl, she left. She couldn’t handle my lifestyle anymore. My brother was also killed a few months back.”

Joe handed him a box of tissues.

“Thank you.” He said grabbing the box, “but what’s done is done. The problem was promptly sorted.”

Joe locked eyes with Mr. Gomez again, his eyes portraying a darkness that lived within. 

“How did you sort the problem?”

“Ehh, nothing much. Just hired some people to see  who did it.”

“He was killed?”

“Yes. It was a very sad day, the day it happened. I remembered sitting on my balcony. Later in the evening around 9 or 10. Then I got the call that he had been gunned down. It was the first time I cried in my life.”

The sound of pen to paper filled the room.

“Did they catch who did it?” Joe asked eagerly. 

“The cops did not say. All they said was there would be no more issues.” 

“That’s a very nice watch you have Mr. Gomez.” 

“Thank you, Mr. Lang. Watches are on the things that keeps me grounded.” Mr. Gomez studied his watch.

“This one here,” he pointed to it, “cost me more than a normal house, but look.” He held out his wrist so Joe could look.

“No face, I love to watch it tick. It’s plain yet it’s worth a human life.”

Joe took a sip of his water, trying to keep from getting stuck in his throat. 

“It’s hard to quantify a human life Mr. Gomez.”

“Is it? Everyone has a price Mr. Lang, even you. You charge me for your time. It’s worth it because of how many people recommend you. You’ve become somewhat of a big name in my line of work.” 

“That’s great to hear. How did you come across me anyway?” Joe asked.

Mr. Gomez sat back in the ordinary leather chair. “My business ventures had me brush shoulders with some of your clients.”

Joe’s face tightened. 

“Well that’s great to hear.”

The men sat there for a second. Rapid pen sounds crashing throughout the room.

“Ok, Mr. Gomez let’s wrap up today’s session. Your suit looks very good too. If you don’t mind me asking what is it that you do for worm?”

“This suit is Armani, it’s a fine suit. My tailor told me the blue would look good on me and I agree.” He took a sip of water. 

“Before I tell you, Mr. Lang, I need you to understand something.”

A very quiet tap began from under Joe’s desk. He had his hands together tightly in his lap. 

“What’s that?” 

Mr. Gomez reached into his jacket pocket and produced a manilla envelope.

“That’s to ensure, what you call, the paint doctor confidentiality thing.” He stood. “It was a pleasure Mr. Lang, I look forward to our next session.” He bounded for the door, “Oh and I’ll be sure to recommend you to my colleagues.”

Joe only heard the door close as stared at the envelope.

He slowly untied the string holding it together. He dumped out its contents onto the table.

Out fell a stack of hundreds. Behind the money was all sorts of papers and files.

Joe picked one up and read it, “Joe Lang. From Denver Colorado.” Next to the information was his picture and what made him almost drop the papers.

Below the picture it read, “4445 Main street. Married once, one kid, a daughter. Single parent.”

Shaking as he dropped paper and started to dig deeper into the pile. 

He picked a polaroid picture. He recognized the smile in the photo, it shined just like his. 
