[SNAPSHOT — "Lone Star University Book One" (college football series) — VAULT CAPTURE ONLY]
[Pulled 2026-09-08 from the author's Google Drive doc (id 1H3moRF8KWDiBuQ9RgHCC_v2q0xVYqNzg)
at his request ("very rough but I think it has bones — save it and we'll come back to it").
NOT read for craft; NO labels or rules applied (WORKING_RULES 4b); parked behind The Champ.
Verbatim. Prologue + Ch1 + Ch2 + the opening lines of Ch3.]

Lone Star University Book One

Prologue

“Mr Sinclair, I promise you, we are doing everything we can.”

“It’s not good enough. First year in the SEC and you fucked the whole season away. All the money I pour into NIL, and you guys recruit a senior quarterback who isn’t worth a fuck, and three other programs have dropped his sorry ass.” Mr Sinclair stands from the large leather chair and walks to the window. He stares out into the dark campus below. The room is quiet; the only noise is the tense breathing of Coach Andrews and Samuel.

Finally, after an uncomfortably long silence, Mr Sinclair clears his throat. “Now, Samuel, I funded this whole debacle. This fucking head coach we poached from Oklahoma, whom I had to buy out of his fucking contract. Then he brings his bum ass quarterback, who is heading into his fifth year and has barely won four fucking games.” Mr Sinclair sighs heavily before walking back to the big mahogany desk and killing the whisky in his glass.

“Mr Sinclair.” Coach Andrews speaks up, finally. “I understand your frustration. It was a really disappointing season, but I promise you that with the incoming class, we’re playoff-bound.”

Samuel backs up the coach he hand-picked. “Just one more season, Mr Sinclair. You fucking owe me one more season. I took this job when no one else would. This school’s program was a fucking joke, and look at what I’ve done in four years.” Samuel reaches for an expensive tumbler of whiskey and pours another glass. He quickly drains the glass, his forehead creasing tightly. His anger is apparent, mixed with anxiety as he swallows deeply.

“Remind me.” Mr Sinclair says, placing his right leg over his left. “Who are the incoming recruits?”

“We’re not huge on recruits this cycle—a couple of four-star defensive players that should be huge for us. But our strength will be the transfer portal. We already have a talented O-line, and we’ve already received a commitment from a former five-star receiver coming from USC, Don Frost. He’s had some troubles, but he’ll be on the straight and narrow here. We’re also targeting some other big names that should commit with a nice NIL bump.” Coach Andrews smiles warmly, proud of himself.

Mr Sinclair muses over the information he just received for a few moments before speaking. “I want Tucker Taylor.”

Coach Andrews and Samuel share an exasperated look.

“Mr Sinclair, you understand that he’s the number one recruit in the country. He’s got offers from Alabama, Ohio State, LSU, and the list goes on. There’s no way in hell he’ll want to come here of all places.” Coach Andrews explains.

“I thought you were a miracle recruiter, David.” Mr Sinclair tsks with his mouth. “I don’t only want him, I want number two as well. Xavier Smith.”

David and Samuel snort in response. David speaks up, “No fucking way in hell. I’m fully confident in my ability to turn this program around, but that’s entirely too big an ask.”

Mr Sinclair rises to his feet. “Don’t worry, David, I’ll do your job for you.” Mr Sinclair walks towards the door, preparing to leave. “Samuel, I’ve given you too much leash; you’re fired. David, you’ll get one more chance, but I’m going to get both Xavier and Tucker come hell or high water.”

Samuel nearly falls out of his chair. “You can’t do that. The board won’t allow it. You fucking owe me, John. No one would touch this fucking school, and look what I’ve done here. Who the fuck do you think you are?”

“I own this fucking school, Samuel. What I say goes. Have your shit packed by Monday. Have a nice night, gentlemen.”

Chapter One

“Tucker Taylor to the front office. “Tucker Taylor to the front office.”

“TAYLOR,” Someone yells, and an object comes flying at my head. I barely see it coming as I jolt out of my stupor.

“What the fuck, Harely?” I ask incredulously.

“Listen.”

“Tucker Taylor to the front office.”

“Oh shit. My bad, Harls, good lookin'n out.” I shoot the large kid a wink as I grab my bag.

“Don’t forget your homework, Mr Taylor.” Crabby old Mrs Williams reminds me as I walk out. I ignore her head towards the office.

I have no idea why I’m being called down. I’ve been on my best behaviour this year. I even went to class. Crazy, I know. I may be humble, but fuck do I hate school. I don’t flaunt how people treat me or use what is attached to my name. I get what I want through my natural charm, though being the number one football recruit in the country doesn’t hurt. Probably another shitty college came to invite me on a visit. It’s almost national signing day, and I’ve already done all my visits. LSU all but has me locked up. They wooed my pants off. Great receivers, O-line, facilities, you fucking name it. Oh, and I get to sit behind next year's Heisman favourite. Nothing but ass, parties, and football. Heaven.

Rounding the corner, I can see a tallish man in a very nice suit. The suit must be worth more than my shitty Jeep.

Opening the door, he’s chatting up the front desk lady. He’s got her eating out of the palm of his hand.

“Ah, the famous Tucker Taylor.” The man smiles at me, a huge, beaming smile, his pearly white teeth on display. Too white, they must be veneers, they have to be. I notice the impeccable watch on his wrist, but I can’t make out what it is. He even smells like wealth. He has salt-and-pepper hair, full and slicked back. His all-black suit doesn’t have a single wrinkle.

“Tuck, this is John Sinclair. He’s from Lone Star University.” Mrs Johnson smiles at me.

He reaches out a hand, and I shake it. “Pleasure, Sir.”

“No pleasure’s all mine, Tucker.”

“You can call me Tuck.”

“Sure, Tuck, no problem. You’re probably wondering why I’m here, and that is a valid question. I’m here to offer you a visit to Lone Star University.”

Ah, goddamnit, of course. Another shitty college come to offer me a scholarship. I’ve spent the last few months ducking these dirty bastards. Ever since the season ended, they’ve been everywhere. They somehow always fucking find me. My dad has run off at least ten of them since Christmas.

“I’m sorry, Mr Sinclair, but I’ve already chosen a school.”

There is a hint of anxiety in his green eyes, or maybe excitement. The man is borderline unreadable; it’s uncanny.

“I figured as much. I just thought I’d try anyway. Thank you for your time, Tuck. Walk with me real quick?” He asks. I figured I’d at least entertain him, Lone Star U is far as fuck.

“Well, since you came all the way down here for little ole me. Sure.”

He chuckles at that. “A tax write-off. Nowhere is far when you own a jet.” He laughs, holding the door open for me.

“Ya, I bet.” Laughing along with him. As I pass by him, I notice the watch again. “Nice watch by the way.”

“It’s an older Rolex, on the rarer side. Nice eye. Most people overlook the simple beauty it beholds. Similar to Lone Star University. I know the school’s reputation, but it’s undergone some renovations recently. Particularly in the football department. Brand new stadium, facilities, and a complete overhaul of the staff.”

He seems pleased with himself. I’ve heard all the speals from the smaller programs. The thing is, there's nothing they can offer me that the big programs can’t already. I turned down fucking Texas, Oregon, Alabama, and Georgia.

He continues, “The last season was bad, sure, but you know what I can see?”

He looks at me to answer as we make our way out of the front of the school. “What?” I ask with no emotion.

“I see a future, Tucker—one with you, ushering in a new era of football for Lone Star University. I can see it now, your number retired, the first for a football player, and multiple national championships, and of course, a Heisman.”

That bright smile is nearly blinding me. I’m not impressed, to say the least. Odds are I’m out after my junior year. I fucking hate school, this shit kills me. My parents are convinced that I’m going to ride the four years and get a degree in some stupid shit like accounting. I figured that after I become the highest-paid player in NFL history, I’m gonna retire around 34 or 36 and coach. I fucking love football, it’s the only reason I still do this school shit. I’d rather be an electrician or a park ranger, something cool. His words mean nothing to me.

“Sounds lovely, Mr Sinclair. But I’m taken, and I know that whoever you choose is going to love the school.” I try to sound enthusiastic, but I don’t care that much, or at all. LSU all but sucked me. Oh well, they kinda did, and they said I won’t even have to do my homework. Just show up, work my ass off on the field, and I’m set.

“That’s what you say now, Tuck, but it’s gonna be you. You just don’t know it yet.” We make it to where an all-black SUV is parked. He reaches up to open the door. “It was a pleasure, Tuck. I’ll be back on Saturday to pick you up. Oh, and before I forget.” He takes the watch and hands it to me. “The first of many gifts, Tuck. Just wait till you get home.” And just like that, he climbs in and closes the door.

Before I can wrap my head around what just happened, my phone rings.

I pull it out of my pocket and see my dad appear on the screen. I slide my finger across the screen and put the phone to my ear.

“Son. You’re going to Lone Star University this Saturday.” He says matter-of-factly.

What the fuck is going on? “Um, no, we went over this, Dad. I’m gonna commit to LSU.”

“You’re to visit Lone Star.” His voice is stern.

“Why?” I ask. I can’t believe this.

“Some guy, Sinclair, I think, just paid off our house. The only thing he asks is that you take a visit.”

I sigh. Goddamnit, who the fuck is this guy? I’m stunned, I don’t really know how to react. But I guess I’m going to a shitty school that just posted the worst record in the SEC.

Chapter Two

Four days later, I find myself walking onto Lone Star University’s campus. I’m still not sure how I got here. LSU already has a verbal agreement from me, just waiting on National Signing Day to ink the deal. They offered me a million just to sign. That’s not mentioning the under-the-table stuff, like brand deals. But I got flown out here on a private jet, dude all but paid my parents' house, and the dude gave me a fucking Rolex as a teaser. I have no idea what to expect, but I get the feeling that more surprises are coming.

The campus is huge. I had no idea what this school looked like, or even where it was. The only thing I knew about Lone Star was that it was the shittiest school in Division I football. By some evil stroke of luck, they found themselves in the Southeastern Conference, the hotbed of college football.

Even with its size, the school is beautiful. Located in Central Texas, the school has a rustic charm with a touch of modernity. There are brick walkways, surrounded by lush, well-cared-for lawns. Trees are scattered across the lawns, with bushes and shrubs lining the walkways. The nearest building is far, I don’t know how far, I just know it’s far. The building that sits, I think, in the middle of campus is massive. It’s long and outstretched, encased in brick; the doors are all glass. They tower over the front of the school. There are people everywhere. I guess the semester hasn’t ended yet. There is a brisk chill as winter is either setting in or finding its way out.

My chaperone told me to wait here in the middle of the damn campus for the Athletic Director to find me. I’m freezing, and I’m already ready to bail on this shit. As I’m fidgeting with my phone, waiting, I hear a voice call out to me.

“Yo! You must be Tucker Taylor. But imma just call you TT.” A tall, lanky black guy approaches me. He has dread medium-length dreadlocks and tattoos on both arms. I’ve seen him before, but I just can’t quite put my finger on it.

“Man, don’t tell me you don’t remember me.” Suddenly, it washes over me.

“X!” I exclaim, rushing over to dap him up. “The fuck are you doing here, man? Don’t give me shit about not recognizing you, you aren’t even the same guy. Tats and dreads, man, you glowed up. Secondly, don’t you dare fucking call me TT. Fuck is wrong with you?” We both share a long laugh.

“ I know, man, how many years ago was that camp?. I didn’t expect to see you here. I’m surprised they even got you over here. Thought for sure you were going to LSU.”

“I’m assuming you know why I’m here. What’d they get you with?”

“Shit, this guy pulls up to the hood in a blacked out SUV, handin out bands of cash. Then he came to my house, wooed my mama, and now I’m here. Mama said I have to come after all the free shit he was handin out.” He shrugs innocently.

As we’re catching up, an older-looking guy walks up to us. Probably late forties or early fifties. He’s in slacks, a blazer and loafers. He’s a broad man, not fat but hardy.

“Ah, the celebrities on campus. Hello, I’m the new athletic director, John Franklin. I would like to thank you guys for taking the time to visit us. I know both of you probably have your minds set already. I think LSU for you, Mr. Tucker, and Alabama for you, Mr. Smith. I assure you, you won’t be disappointed.”

“Shit, celebrities. With that private jet, I felt like royalty. Also, where’s my entourage or groupies? Actually, just the groupies.” X says. We both share a laugh. Mr. Franklin doesn’t look pleased.

“Well, Mr. Smith, I hope that our academics and facilities will be what win you over. As for the students, they are all in class. Now, let me show you around campus.”

We walk around the campus, and I’m still amazed by the beautiful architecture and the Schubert. I’ve never been much of a nature person; I much prefer the city, but growing up in bumfuck Texas didn’t help that much. As we walk, X and I are constantly attracting stares and murmurs. I’m used to this, being the main attraction. Football is king in Texas, and being the quarterback on a state championship team only makes that bigger.

We take a break in the cafeteria to eat. This campus is huge, way bigger than I could have ever imagined. Who the fuck are these guys' boosters? The cafeteria is more like a restaurant; they serve up real food, not slop. Mr. Franklin leaves us to prepare something. X is helping himself to the groups of girls that began following us a while back.

While I’m enjoying my pasta, I notice some men walking our way. X is too wrapped up in his conversations to see, but as they get closer, I get the feeling they are football players. Two of them continue on my way. One is about six-foot-three, beefy, around two hundred and thirty pounds, just by looking at him, a white guy with blonde hair and blue eyes, and chiselled muscles. He’s in a tight black shirt and some jeans. The other is a light-skinned guy, about six feet or six-one. He’s muscular, but not nearly as muscular as the white guy. He has a fade and is in a sweat suit, two gold chains dangling around his neck.

“You must be Tucker Taylor.” The light-skinned man says, walking up to me. X still isn’t paying attention. I feel I might need backup as the close-in comes on me.

“I’m Jalen, Jalen Wright.” I recognise him from when Lone Star played LSU; he’s the starting quarterback. LSU destroyed them; it was a blood bath. Lone Star got shut out and didn’t even manage to score a field goal. To make matters worse, Jalen threw three interceptions.

“And I’m Logan Phillips. Pleasure to meet you.” Logan, the blonde one, extends a muscled hand forward and nearly crushes my hand in his grip.

“We’re your welcoming committee,” Jalen says, shaking my hand.

“I’ve seen your tape, kid, you’ve got some talent. Personally, I can’t see you staying here. But if you do decide to stay, I’ll teach you what I can. Maybe.” He chuckles.

Logan shoots daggers at him before tapping X on the shoulder. They repeat their introductions and whisk us off to the rest of our welcoming party.

I can’t help but wonder what he meant by that comment. Maybe he’s intimidated. I’m the number one recruit for a reason, and it wasn’t easy rising in the ranks from bumfuck Texas.

“Nah, man, I’m tellin' you white women are the best. Hands down. They go crazy for the dreads, man, you should grow yours out. You’re limiting yourself.” X is explaining to Jalen and Logan. Logan is laughing hysterically. Jalen doesn’t look pleased in the slightest.

“I promise he isn’t such a spoil sport,” Logan says, chuckling. “I promise you he gets plenty of play from all the white women.” As big as Logan is, he’s a barrel of laughs. He looks way more serious than he actually is. I’m starting to think he might not be serious at all.

“Man, fuck this. I came and did my part. Look, kids, I don’t care what you choose to do. I already know you aren’t coming here, so I’m not gonna act all buddy-buddy. It’d be great to have some like you, Xavier, but you, Tucker, you’ll never have my starting spot. Sure, you’re good, but this is my school and my final year.” Jalen begins to storm off.

“Love you too, buddy,” Logan calls over his shoulder, hardly reacting. I think this is a regular occurrence.

“The fuck is his deal?” X asks.

“He has his moods. He’s a great guy, though.” Logan adds.

X gives him a “I know you’re fucking lying” look.

“Ehhh, fuck him. You’ve only seen half of what this school has to offer. And I’m not just talking about the ladies. We have ladies from all over, different shapes, sizes, colours.” Logan whistles. “Maybe we can’t compete with the other schools' programs, but they don’t have shit on the women here.”

“I’m gonna have to wet my beak, shiiiiit,” X says, eyeing down a girl from across the hall.

“What about you, hotshot?” Logan asks me.

“Hmm, I don’t really have a preference or much time for girls right now. I spend most of my time practising or watching tape.”

“Bullshit,” X interjects. “You’re the quarterback; women must come out of the woodwork for you.”

“Ya no shit. You’re probably fuckin somebodies mom or a teacher. OOOOO, even better, maybe the coach's wife.” Logan is laughing hysterically, and X joins him.

Unfortunately, he’s right. I’ve been with my English teacher since junior year, and a couple of my friends' moms.

“Girls just don’t do it like a woman.”

“I fuckin knew it, you dawg.” Logan slaps me on the back hard. Like really hard.

“Alright, we’re here.” Logan walks up to two large double doors and quickly enters a code into the keypad next to them. “This right here, gentlemen, is the mecca of college football.”

We walk into a massive sports facility, with a vast mural of Texas, front and center. The entrance is strewn with couches and TVs. Snack machines line the perimeter of the facility, and tables in the center of the room hold fresh fruit and pastries.

“Fuckin awesome, right?” Logan is smiling ear to ear. “This is where we part, gentlemen. Coach is coming to get you. It’s been a pleasure. Whatever you guys decide, I’d love to have you help us turn this place into a real powerhouse, but you know I wouldn’t be here if half the schools that called you guys called me.” He winks as he saunters away.

“Tuck, where the fuck are we?”

“Fuck if I know. I mean, when the fuck did this school build all this?”

“Actually, this building was just built in the last few years. This building we’re in is the school’s way of showing how committed we are to becoming a powerhouse school. The building is named after the generous donor who funded the school’s revamped football program, Frederick Sinclair.” A voice behind us says. X and I turn in unison.

What’s it with all these fucking people sneaking up on me?

We turn to see a man about six feet tall, in decent shape, with brown hair, a clean-shaven face, and hazel eyes. I recognize him almost instantly. X does not, but I get the feeling he doesn’t keep up with the day-to-day of college football. Coach David Andrews.

“Welcome to Lone Star U, boys. It's a pleasure to have you. I’m Coach Andrews, head coach. Sorry for the botched visit; we didn’t expect any last-second visits. Let’s go to my office, discuss some football.”

Following Coach Andrews through the massive training facility, we finally arrived at a large office on the second floor.

“Alright, I’ll be frank. Tucker, we’d probably redshirt you and let you sit behind our starter for a year. Xavier, I think you’d find yourself as a starter almost immediately. We got some good boys in the receiving room, but nothing like you. You two would be the most high-profile recruits in this school’s history. That being said, you boys have no reason to come here, so I’ll keep this brief. We’d love to have you, obviously, but we’re the laughing stock of college football right now.”

“Aye, respect, Coach. I only came here cause my momma made me. Lot a talent here, though, and I’m not talking about the team.” X says with a wink. This made Coach chuckle.

“What’s up with you, Coach? Why’d you come here?” X read my mind with that question.

“X, do you pay attention to college ball at all?” I ask incredulously.

“Nah, man, too many bitches.”

Chuckling, I continue, “Coach Andrews is a miracle worker. If your program is fucked, Coach turns it around. Or at least he did before the NCAA dropped the hammer on him.”

“Damn, Coach. What’d you do? Cheating, embezzlement? Oh, or maybe an assistant caught your eye, cheating on the missus?”

“No, X, none of that. It was recruiting violations. Fucking bullshit, especially now with NIL. But I’m grateful for another chance. Last year was my first year, so some work to do.”

“Understatement, Coach,” I add. “I appreciate your time, though, and wish the best of luck,” I say, extending my hand for a handshake.

He obliges with a firm grip. “Before you go, Mr. Sinclair wants a word.” Coach says on the way out.

In walks Mr. Sinclair, in his tailor suit, all black, complete with a shiny new watch.

“Gentlemen, I hope you’ve enjoyed the tour. We’re on a bit of a time crunch, so I’m gonna go fast. Here I have two contracts. In these contracts, you’ll find your NIL deals. Both are worth five million. But what I want to talk to you two about is what I can offer off the record. First, I can guarantee that both of you will be starters. Second, all the sponsorships you can think of. Third, your own off-campus houses, taken care of by me. No rent, you’ll have maids, everything will be taken care of. Fourth, you don’t have to go to class if you don’t want to. Quite frankly, I don’t care, as I’m assuming that both of you will be gone after your third year. Sixth, and finally, after you're done here, I will continue to help you throughout your lives. Whatever business ideas you have, I've got you. There is nothing I want more than to turn this program into a national championship team and a powerhouse school. Think about it, gentlemen, you have until ya’ll leave, considering how much time we have. I sure hope you consider us goodbye!” Just like that, he was gone.

X and I have our mouths on the floor, and we share a look.

“Maaan, fuck. Fuck it, I’m flippin.” X says, grabbing a pen.

“Just like that?”

“Ya man, no school, money, women. I ain’t come here to play school. Sign me up.”

And just like that, X signed.

I followed suit. When you frame it like that, I can’t disagree.

But we never read the contracts.

Chapter 3

“Ma, you sure you don’t wanna move here with me?”

“Son, you did this. You are reaping what you sow; we’re just a plane ride away. Now you just enjoy your college years. They won’t last forever. Cmon now give me a kiss.”
