The Longshoreman Series: Episode Two- Joey

Joey played with the little tendrils of shadows.

They slithered in between his fingers embracing his touch. The shadows seeped in and out of Joey’s outline. One in the same.

Joey always longed for the shadows. They seemed to follow him.There was no light left in this world. He had seen the bigger picture, and from a young age too. It ruined his world view.

Joey knew his role now. He took his place in this war that hadn’t been waged yet. A game of shadows.

He waited at the back of the port. The night crew would be coming soon. It was time to send a message. Time to make Dad, pay attention.

Joey was in all black. Hardly detectable in the light, let alone the dark. The shadows whipped out around. They shot off towards whatever light they could find, consuming it.

The light of the truck finally appeared. It was about time.

“About fucking time…” Joey muttered to himself.

He grunted. It took physical effort to stop the shadows from consuming the truck. They were hungriest at midnight.

Joey watched his doofus brother, Vinny, open the container. His tag-a-long went back to the truck. It was time.

He let his shadows ravage. They spread out like hunters in the night. Climbing over shipping contains and eating light sources. The poor bastards never noticed.

Joey became one with shadows and allowed them to him. He followed them to the older man at the truck.

Joey slid from the shadows. Slowly. Slowly.

A silent thud sealed the man’s fate.

“Tone!” He heard his brother. The damn dolt.

Vinny’s footsteps led Joey straight to him. He didn’t move. He didn’t need to.

Vinny took another step and they grabbed him.

The shadows slithered in his darkness. Long, withering tendrils, clenched onto his throat. Joey could feel the shadows taking root in Vinny. He could feel his weakness.

When Vinny fell, the shadows caught him. They sucked him in, leaving the old man to his fate. Joey followed his shadows. The hard part was next.



He watched Vinny wriggle in his sleep. He gave the shadows a little too much freedom. They almost took his life force.

The lust of dark magic was strong. Ever tempting.

Vinny’s eyes started to flutter. He was waking up.

“Wha, wha, wha, what the fuck.” He was aghast.

He looked around, turning his head violently. He couldn’t scream down here.

Joey hid beneath the shadows. He wanted Vinny to sit. He black hoodie scuffed from the attack. Blue jeans and work books. He had dad’s fat face. And mom’s smallness. An odd combination. Vinny had beady little eyes, almost like a goblin.

Vinny was sweating despite the nightly chill.

Ok enough was enough. He wasn’t gonna kill his brother, only scare him. A little.

Joey allowed the shadows to dance around Vinny. They opened up in front of Vinny, giving way to Joey.

Draped in his cloak, he let it fall.

The reveal giving its intended dramatic effect.

“Joey!” Vinny was startled.

“Hi, brother.”

“What’s going on? I thought you were at Harvard.”

“I was, but then things got complicated.”

“What are these things? Why are they touching me?”

“Just my little birdies. Listen, Vin, I’d love to catch up, but maybe later. Unfortunately, buddy you’ve gotten caught up in something you never should have.”

“What do you know Joey? How could you know? You’re the youngest.”

“Oh, Vinny. You poor little idiot. Sometimes I can’t believe we’re even related.”

“What?” Vinny started to cry.

“Ah, goddamn it, Vin. Look man just fucking relax, man. You’re almost fucking thirty-five.”

“So what?” His tears left streaks down his fat face. His nose started running.

“Alright, fuck. Look, we're not gonna hurt you. You’re just the bait for dad.”

“Why, me?” He bumbled out between sobs.

“Because, Vin. You’re the only one still sucking at dad’s teat. I’m sorry Vinny, but dad only keeps you so close so you don’t fuck your life up again. Or, more importantly, his.”

The words cut Vinny deep. The pathetic man was sobbing. Joey was just about over this. How could he not see what was happening? Why he was the only one that didn’t go to college?

“Dad cares for you a little more than the rest of us, even if he won’t admit it. He pushed out of New York, to thrive on all four corners of the world. We, his heirs, are to bring our skills, education, and experiences to raise the family into prominence. Vinny you can’t use magic. You were terrible at school. You have no charisma. Vinny, you don’t add much to the family. But we’re family, we’d never be rid of you.” Joey pinched his cheek.

“I’m still your big brother.” He sobbed.

“Yes, Vinny. I’ll always remember our childhood. It’s a shame I was forced into this goddamn war so young.”

Joey’s phone rang.

“Ok, Vinny. He’s here. We have to rough you up a little bit, just to sell it. Just play your part. Just like you always have.”

Joey’s fist smashed into VInny’s face.
