Interlude 1
Carl Anderson walked along his pastures. His remaining cows were happily grazing in the dimming light.
He whistled loudly. The animals responded by rumbling around.
Though his body was old, he could still do what he loved most.
He herded the animals into the barn. He made sure each them had their nightly food. He walked up to each cow, giving them a pat on the head.
“Betsy.” He said. “Laura.” He went around the barn until each animal had received his love.
Carl settled down in his spot in the living room. His old leather laz-e-boy.
“I’m going to bed dear, don’t stay up too late.” His wife said leaning down to kiss him on the cheek. He grey hair cascading around him as he moved his face up to her lips.
“I love you, sweetie.” He cooed.
“Love you too.” She said retreating into darkness.
Carl began to doze off not too long after. He shuffled out of his chair, going to grab a glass of water. Looking up from the faucet, a pair of red eyes glowed in the dark.
Carl blinked and only black stared back at him. He didn’t think too much about it. He lived in the sticks.
Carl returned to his chair, determined to finish one more episode of show for the night. Carl pulled the lever on his recliner. The chair obliged squeaking open for Carl’s long legs. He still had his jeans and boots on.
Despite his best efforts, Carl started to doze off again. Before he knew it his eyes had close.
Tap. Tap.
Carl awoke to a strange noise coming from kitchen window. He rub the sleep out of his. What time is it?
Tap. Tap. Tap.
Carl tried to look into the kitchen from his seat, extending his already long neck. All he could see was the moonlight radiating off the dirty tile.
TAP. TAP.
Carl jumped from his seat, his boots slamming into the floor. He reached for the shotgun that had faithfully stayed next to his recliner.
Carl grabbed the pump action shotgun by it’s handle sliding his finger into the trigger guard. He grabbed the pump and raised his personalized security system.
He rounded the corner, his element of surprise gone, “Hello!”.
He took  a step.
“Hey, come on out now. No need for anyone to get hurt.
He took another step. He pulled the pump back, the gun confirming it was loaded with a click.
Knock. Knock. KNOCK.
Carl spun around, “Ok, you’ve been warned.” He rushed to the door ripping it open. He shoved the weapon into the doorway.
He saw a large figure off in the distance, hot red embers smoldering the night. He blinked. The figure had bounded off towards his barn.
He ran as fast as his creaky bones would let him. The joints in his legs popping in and out of the socket.
MOOOOOOOOOO! erupted through the night.
MOOOOOOOOOO!
Carl moved without thinking, his body had deaged several decades as he rushed.
He ripped open the barn doors.
The creature towered over Carl. He raised his gun, ready to pull the trigger.
Carl couldn’t keep up with it’s inhuman speed as the abomination dashed to his left. He whipped the gun around, as his left arm fell to the ground.
Carl didn’t feel it, he dropped the gun. He held his stump backing against the wall. He saw the horror for the first time. Betsy lay dead now, her intestines strewn about. Laura had her throat slit, the blood pooling around her still terrified face.
For a split second, it hit Carl. He gathered what ever courage he had left. He wasn’t in the house.
Still holding his stump, he scramble to his feet. His heart was pounding.
Thump. Thump. His heart pounded in ears.
Halfway from the barn, he watched the creature throw his beloved onto the ground. Another monstrosity came  from the house. They were both covered in fur and muscle bound.
Still in shock, a sharp pain ripped through his gut. Blood ran from his mouth as he tried to scream.
He looked down to see three claws sticking out of his gut.
In unison the three beasts howled into the night.
