Chapter 4
“Director Burch, so nice to see you again. How many years has it been?”
The old man sat in his holy chair, flanked by his assistants. 
“Too long your Holiness. Maybe 10 or 15 years.” 
“Ah, yes, your last days in the Vatican.”“Ancient history, your Holiness.
“What is lost, is not forgotten, Director. I won’t lecture you today, What brings you to the Vatican.” 
“I’ll get to that, but first please meet one my protegees. Your Holiness, this is Kyle Brooks.” 
The old man studied Brooks. He tried to clear his throat before he started coughing. One of his assistants was quick to refill his cup. 
“It’s a pleasure your Holiness.” Brooks stood and bowed. 
“I need to speak with Father Joseph.” The Director cut in. 
“Oh, have you come demanding things of the church, Rick?”
The director sighed. 
The pope shifted in his seat, his great pope hat not moving an inch. “You shouldn’t even know about him, Rick. The fact that you would come all the here just to ask me that.” He spat.
“I’m aware your Holiness. That should tell you how serious I am.” 
“Tsk. Tsk. Always meddling Rick, but I suppose. You’ll have 10 minutes.” 
The Director stood to bow, “Thank you, your Holiness.”The pope stood up, heavenly robes flowing gracefully in the sunlight, “Don’t worry Director. You’ll pay me back.” The pope left the room with the help of his assistants. 
A man in priest clothes stood in front of them as the pope left. 
“Gentlemen, I am Monsignor Matthew, the pope’s assistant. If you’d please follow me.” 
Together they walked through the seat of all things holy. The stained glass windows depicted the many stories of Christ. The windows illuminating the path forward in rainbow light.
“Uh, Director, did I miss the part of you having a history at the Vatican. 
“Because it’s unimportant. We’re here for one reason and one reason only.” 
“You should not be ashamed of your past Rick.” The Monsignor chimed in. 
“You’re going to make me start drinking Matthew. I’m trying to contain myself out of respect.” 
“Sins of the body, Rick.”
“Shut up.”
the Monsignor flashed a sly smile, the rainbow passing over his face.
They finally arrived at a guard shack built into a wall. To the side of the guard hut was one steel door. Locked tight, requiring a key card or a code.
The Swiss guard bowed to Matthew, “Monsignor.” 
“Good afternoon. These two to Father Joseph.”
The guard started to work, typing furiously into his computer. 
Matthew turned to the Director and Brooks, “Rick behave yourself in there. Last time we had to drag you out. You’re lucky the pope likes you. I wouldn’t let you step foot in the Vatican.” 
The director waved off the Monsignor.
Matthew turned to leave, his ghost white hair fluttering behind him. “Nice to see you again, Rick. Don’t be a stranger.” 
The guard popped out from the hut, and another took his seat. He handed them two badges that said “VISITOR” across it, complete with a photo.
“How’d you get my picture?” Brooks asked. 
The guard didn’t speak. He walked to the door, entering in a code. He stood there like the door was watching him, before it opened. He bowed with his right arm tucked and left arm pointing inside. 
Brooks and the director stepped inside. The door closed behind them. 
“Director what is this place?” Brooks asked. He moved around the never ending room, looking at anything and everything. 
The director kept his steady pace forward, “A very old and a very dangerous place.”Brooks still looking around said, “That’s not an answer. Director, you’ve been ducking the hard question since we left the US. At least give me something.” 
The director reached into his black suit pocket and produced a flask. He took a long drink, before saying anything. “Drink.” 
Brooks stared at him in horror, “Sir! In the lord’s house.” 
“Knock it off. There is no lord here. Only weak men hiding behind a veil.”
Brooks stood in place. They had walked deeper into the library than he had realized. 
“Ok, no more director. What the fuck are we doing?” 
They had stopped in the middle of two large wooden bookcases, filled with holy scripture passing judgment. 
“Goddamn it, ok.” The director took another swig of his flask. “Have you ever heard the about the Vatican’s library?”“The one with all the evil books and scripture?”
The director starting walking again, he tried to brush off a chill that shocked his body, he motioned for Brooks to follow.
“The rumor is smoke. It’s true in the sense that it exists. It’s just separated. The one every knows and studies is filled with the stereotypical bull shit.” 
The director kept walking as the walls around them began to change.
“What they keep in here is all the dirty secrets of the church. Their sins.” 
“So, this Father Joseph is a sin?”
“No. He’s just the keeper.” 
They kept walking into the abyss. The life of the room was leaving. 
“How big is this place?” Brooks asked.
“52 miles.” The director’s tone had become cold. Deep in the echoes of the library, evil flickers of life could be heard. Brooks could feel the library breathing, the walls closing in. Gone were the rows of books replaced with objects and art. 
A particular masked called to Brooks. He couldn’t resist the red ornate mask. 
Brooks started to move towards his right, the old path concealing his footsteps. Creeping up on it, Brooks could see the face now. It was scarred, with black eyes. The eyes tore through Brooks, before he knew it he was trying to touch it. 
“Don’t” The director ordered. 
“What is this thing? I want it.”“Don’t fall the bullshit they peddle around here. It’s just a mask. Don’t let it be anything more.” Brooks noticed the slight unease from the Director, as he started reaching in his suit again. Brooks didn’t object, he simply followed. He couldn’t shake his anxiety, it wrapped around him, squeezing his emotions. They were both feeling it.
The library finally ended with a large room. Pews were scattered across the room, with an old rug across the middle. The room was lit by candle light. At the back of the room stood a giant statue of Jesus on the cross. In front of the statue was an older man. He was in simple robes, bald, and praying on his knees.
“Father.” The director addressed the man. 
He didn’t reply, continuing his prayer. 
The director tapped his foot impatiently. The tapping echoing throughout the barren church. 
“Father.” The director said again. 
“Father Joseph.” He said louder. 
The man finally had enough, “Rick, you know better than to disturb me during my solitude.” 
“I don’t have time for that today, Father.”
“Never.” Father Joseph replied. 
He sat down on one of the pews to entertain his guests.
His beard draped down to his chest, his eyes were sunken. 
“Then what do you have time for? If not to repent then what?” He asked.
“I need one your assistance, unfortunately.”
“No.” The Father replied. 
The director sighed, “You don’t have choice on this one, President’s orders.”
“Then we must discuss the nature of your matter.”
“I don’t have time for that Father. Your boss gave me a time limit.”“The folly of youth. Always too quick to act. This why you couldn’t have taken my place.” 
“Father.” The director narrowed his eyes. 
“What did the pope say? Did you tell him of this matter?”
“No.” The director replied flatly.
Father Joseph stroked him beard in thought, “You were right to come to me then.”
“Thank you. I think you get it now.”
“Yes, I do. One question though, *Director*.” 
“What?”
“What need do you have for a faith you cast away? You don’t believe that things go bump in the night, you never have.” 
“It’s not my call.” The director said through clenched teeth. 
“I won’t rub this in your face, Rick. For whatever reason God has brought back to the light.”
“Ya, ya.” 
“What do you require of me my son?”
“Don’t call me that.” The director said. “I don’t need you anyway. I need one of your underlings.”
“A monster problem?” Father Joseph asked. 
“No, a serial killer problem, that people are convinced is a monster problem.”
“Ah, the lack of faith. Rearing it’s ugly head again.”“Father.” 
“Do not fear lost lamb, I have a men ready for you. He’s already in the US on other business.” 
The director stood up, fists clenched, “Doing what?”
“What we always do in the shadows, hunt monsters.” 
The director just stared at the man, eyes empty. His ties dangled in front of him swinging like a pendulum. 
“Have him contact HQ. Let’s go Brooks.” 
The director started to walk off. 
Brooks took a second, “I’m sorry Father Joseph. It was a pleasure to meet you.” Brookes bowed.
Father Joseph read his name tag, “Brooks. I see your boss has left you in the dark.”
“No so much, as it’s a rapidly changing situation.” 
Father Joseph reached into his pocket. He pulled out a gold ring.
“Here, for protection.” 
“Protection from what?” Brooks asked. He used his peripheral vision to see that the Director had disappeared back into the abyss. 
“Things go bump in the night. I’m the one who brings them to their knees. Monsters are real boy, never question that. If they weren’t the Vatican wouldn’t have a monster hunter division.”
“Father, are you saying the supernatural is real?”
Father Joseph smiled at him, “In due time boy, now go. He will leave you here with me. My solitude is mine alone not yours. Rick is the exception.” 
Father Joseph gave him a light push, back into the unknown. 
