Chapter 7
“Brooks, please be careful with my luggage. If you break it you buy it.”
Brooks huffed dragging the pink and purple anvils that she called “luggage”.
“Dr. Green not to be rude, but I am in charge here.” Brooks reminded her. “Also stop calling me by my name. We have aliases if you forgot.”
She sighed, “How could I? I’m now, what? Vivian. Awful, ugh.”
Brooks kicked the door to the hotel room open, a loud, “Bang!” making Elizabeth jump as he dropped the luggage.
“Why?!” Elizabeth asked.
“Because, “Vivian” I’m not a fucking bell hop. Be ready in three hours. We have to meet with the rest of the team.” Brooks marched off, opening his own door.
Elizabeth allowed her self to fall onto the king sized bed, with a tacky floral comforter.
She laid there for a moment. “Ew.” She said. Elizabeth started to rip the sheets and covers off the bed. She gathered them up and shoved them into the corner of the small.
She opened one of her suitcases, to pulling out all pink sheets and pillow cases. She reached in and found her king sized pack of disinfectant wipes. A soft knock came at the door. She stumbled over the door.
She looked through the peephole. Brooks stood there, no in tactical pants and an FBI windbreaker.
“Good, evening, Agent, um, uh, Jenkins!”
Brooks shook his head stepping inside. Elizabeth put a hand up to keep him from entering.
“What?” He asked.
“You can’t just barge in here. I need to get ready first.” “What the hell have you been doing this whole time?”
“Cleaning, duh.”
“Is that why your face matches your hair?” She slammed the door in his face. When she opened the door again, Brooks was leaning against the railing.
“Finally, god damn woman.” He turned to her as the door opened. She was in business casual with her own windbreaker.
“Brooks are you blushing?” She teased.
“If you fuck this up for me, I’ll make sure we both end up in a blacksite, together.” Brooks stomped away into the waiting SUV. She followed, settling into the passenger seat.
“Where are we going anyway?” She asked.
Brooks didn’t reply, focusing on the road.
“Fine, Brooks if it must be this way.” She turned the nob on the radio, letting the first station sit.
Brooks immediately jabbed the knob.
“Rude.” Elizabeth muttered. She let the silence settle before turning to her right and staring out of the window.
Elizabeth glanced at the time. It was around seven o’clock at night. The town had cleared out for the most part, except for a couple of late night stragglers. She followed the river with eyes. The water pulsed as the wind blow the trees in the same direction as the river. Off in the distance Elizabeth watched a tree move. She raised an eyebrow, staring at the tree. It moved again, almost as if something was pushing it.
“Brooks.” She said.
“How many times, Vivian? Just call me Bob damn it.”
“Ok, fucking, Brooks, Bob, Jason, whoever.”
“What.” He he said lazily.
Elizabeth’s eyes were glued to the tree.
“What?” He asked again.
She watched as the wolf emerged on all fours. It’s burning eyes stared back her. The beast raised it’s massive head and howled.
“What!” Brooks said again.
The wolf stared back at her.
“Those eyes.” She whispered.
“What? The fuck?” Brooks looked over at her. He followed her gaze to see nothing in the distance.
“What eyes? Woman you are going to drive me crazy by the end of this damn operation.”
“It-, it-, it. Brooks.”
“Ah, just spit it out already.”
“Take me to the scout, now.”
“Oh, now you have a sense of urgency.” Brooks pushed on the gas.
They arrived at a multi story home that sat on the edge of the town. The wooden steps creaked as Elizabeth stepped on it. A screen door sat on watch, slanting rusted bolts, its weapon of choice.
The door opened to a barren living room, the floor boards somehow louder than the steps. Brooks followed behind her. She listened to the steps, hearing more than one person. She whipped around to see Brooks with his hands up.
A deep voice from the shadows spoke, “Password.”
“Unicorn.” Brooks replied.
The unknown man stepped from the shadows, pistol in his hand. He was a young black man, also in tactical pants, but with a slim fit t-shirt.
“God damn it, Johnson.” Brooks cursed.
“What?” Johnson asked.
“Who else would come out here?”
“I don’t know. I already told you something is off here. I had to be sure.”
“And you must be Dr. Green.” Johnson said, extending his hand.
For a moment everything seemed ok, “No code name?” She shook his hand. Shooting a glance at Brooks.
“What codename?” James asked.
“He doesn’t need one, do you know how many James Johnsons are in America? Exactly you don’t but I do.” Brooks reminded her.
“OH MY GOD!” Elizabeth yelled.
“Ah, what the fuck?” Brooks asked.
“James, I need to talk to you immediately.” She scattered around the room. “Wait. Hmm.” She tilted her head, slightly, fiery hair spilling to one side. “Where are we going, exactly?”
“Follow me.” James pushed past them. He led them down a corridor.
“You’d think the CIA would give you better housing, James.” Elizabeth piped up.
He chuckled, “I chose this.”
“Why on Earth?”
“To keep close to the woods. Bossman over there wanted the forest mapped out before you guys got here.”
“The whole forest?” She asked.
“No, of course not. Just the main attack sites and around the edge of town.”
He opened a door that led to a dark basement. He motioned for the others to follow him.
9/26
“I’m not sure what I expected.” Elizabeth commented.
The basement was a concrete floor. A lone table sat in the middle of the room. The wall to the back had a pinboard with a map of the town and the forest surrounding it.
James walked to the pinboard. “These points here are the attack sites.” He pointed to the red pins that were spread out on the map. “The blue pins are areas of interest I found during my scouting.”
Brooks studied the board, “What do you think, Johnson?”
“I think this backwater town has found itself in the middle of a drug operation.” Johnson replied.
“Now why would you think that?” Brooks asked.
“That detective you had me watch, Stillwell, he’s dirty. Him and that phony sheriff.”
“Hmpf. Quite the accusations, Johnson. Anything about these animal attacks?”
“I went to one of the attack sights, the first one here.” He pointed, “I went with the sheriff and his detective met us there. I made that damned detective accompany me as I walked down the river.” He pointed down the river, “Here is where we stopped and shit got real weird.”
“What do you mean?” Brooks asked.
“Let me rephrase, the whole god damned thing was weird.” Johnson opened one of the files on desk. He grabbed a photo and pinned it to the board with a black pin. “I found this track at the site.”
Elizabeth scurried to the photo, standing face to face with it. She adjusted her glasses.
“James, did you happen to see anything in the woods?” She asked.
“Ya, the dead body of that ranger. Oh and that fucking detective and his pal dressed up as bigfoot and chucked the body at us.”
“Johnson, you should know as well as I how hard it would be to throw the dead body of a grown man. Doctor, I need you to weigh in here.”
“What a weird print.” She said.
“Doctor.”
“Yes, Brooks I heard you. It just doesn’t make sense. I thought I saw a direwolf on the way over here. It was across the river, it was different from a normal wolf, besides the difference in size.” She crossed her arms and leaned back slightly. “James, tomorrow you are taking me there.” She declared, pointing to the pin.
“Not how this works lady. I work for the bald man.”
“I don’t see how that 's important, Johnson.” He grumbled, “Doctor are you fucking telling me you saw a direwolf? A fucking prehistoric animal?”
“Yes, Brooks I am. You are right by the way. It would take an abnormal amount of strength  for one man to ‘chuck’ the dead body of a grown man, but, hmmmmmm. This track is off, are those human toes?”
“Sir,” Johnson asked Brooks quietly, “What kind of crazy is she?”
“I’m a morphologist, if that’s what you're asking.” She answered. “So, yes biology is my speciality, but more than that it’s mammals. And Brooks promised me field time in his pitch.” She narrowed her eyes at him.
Brooks sighed, “Ok, ok. Johnson, first thing tomorrow.”
“Copy.” He replied, “and you, sir?”
“I’ll tell you when it’s time. Oh, and before I forget. I need you to pick up a priest from the church. I gotta go, get some rest. You’ll need it.” Brooks was already up the stairs.
