Chapter 3 
The news cameras blinded Frank as he walked up to the podium.
“Here to answer some questions i, Detective Stillwell.”
The crowd clapped unenthusiastically. 
“Good Evening, everyone,” Frank mumbled into the mic. He fidgeted around looking at the faces of each person. The room was almost overflowing.
Frank continued, “I know the murders have every one startled, but I can assure you we are pouring all of our man power into the case.” 
The crowd raved, people hurled questions at him from all directions.
The sheriff appeared behind Frank, attempting to calm the crowd, “Ladies and gentlemen, please relax. I’m not happy about this either, but please be patient.” The sheriff tipped his hat at Frank.
“Thank you, Sheriff Collins. I promise all of you that I will not rest until the suspect is caught.” 
Another clamour cascaded across the crowd.
Frank leaned into the podium, “Ok. Any questions?”
Every hand in the room shot up. 
Frank peered through the crowd looking for a familiar face. 
Frank pointed, “Yes, Mr. Long.”
Mr. Long walked up in front of the stage. Clad in a trucker hat and overalls.
“Frank.” Mr. Long said tersely.
“What information can you actually give us?” 
“Uh.” Frank knew he had to tread carefully here, “Not too much. So far we have four different, isolated attacks.”
“That’s it?” Mr. Long spit into his water bottle.
“Mr. Long, it’s an active investigation and we’re on stand by. The Lolo forest isn’t exactly our jurisdiction.” 
“Load of horseshit. What do I pay you for then Frank?.”
“Any other questions, Mr. Long?”
Mr. Long walked away muttering to himself. 
“Detective Stillwell,” a  lady called.
“Yes, mam.” He didn’t know her personally but the college brought in all types of people.
“Is there any truth to the rumors of wild animal attacks?” 
“Not that I’m aware of. Nothing out of the ordinary.”
She took a second before replying, “You said earlier, detective, that the national forest isn’t your jurisdiction, does that mean you only protect those in the city? What if they wondered off?”
“My number one priority will always be the townspeople and the town itself.”
“Not outside the city?” 
This outsider was empowering the locals. The longer he didn’t answer the more foul the jabs. The woman smirked. Frank was grabbing the side of the podium so hard his knuckles were turning white.
“It’s a very complicated matter, but I assure you it’s not a problem for any member of the police force.”
The crowd was beginning to rile up again before the sheriff stepped in, “Thank you ladies and gentlemen, keep your doors locked. Good night everyone.”
The sheriff ushered Frank off stage and into the back.
“What the fuck was that, Frank?” The sheriff demanded
“I fucking told you, John don’t put me out there.”
“You were supposed to reassure them, not cause a fucking revolt.” John was pacing around. He was still in his full uniform. He kept muttering, “goddamn it.”
“Did you want me to lie to them?” Frank asked. 
“Yes.”
“Well, John,  I’m trying to not vilify us.”
“All you had to do was tell them you’re working on it. That’s all under control. Not that we can’t even work on the fucking murders, BECAUSE IT’S ON FEDERAL LAND.”
“Don’t fucking yell at me, John. Are you forgetting we’re in this together?” 
“Ah, goddamn it, Frank. I don’t have a choice anymore.”
“What does that mean?”
John sighed, “It’s the mayor. He’s making me take it federal. The FBI is gonna be here within the week. Hopefully, no one else dies in the mean time.”
“What do you mean, making you? He’s a part of this too.” 
“I know, Frank, that’s why I needed you to calm the fucking town. Now, you need to get your ass out there and move the supply before the FBI arrives.”
“Fine. Just don’t ask to do any more press conferences. I can barely tolerate this fucking town.”
