Chapter 3 
The news cameras blinded Frank as he walked up to the podium.
“Here to answer some questions is, Detective Stillwell.”
The crowd clapped unenthusiastically. 
“Good Evening, everyone,” Frank mumbled into the mic. He fidgeted around looking at the faces of each person. The room was almost overflowing.
Frank continued, “I know the murders have every one startled, but I can assure you we are pouring all of our man power into the case.” 
Gasps erupted around the room. 
A man in the back spoke out, “How long!? How long have people been dying out there!?”
Another lady in the front tried to quiet the man, “Arch, you stop that. Let the man finish.”
The sheriff appeared behind Frank, attempting to calm the crowd, “Ladies and gentlemen, please relax. I’m not happy about this either, but please be patient.” The sheriff tipped his hat at Frank.
“Thank you, Sheriff Collins. I promise all of you that we are working our hardest.” 
“Is our forest safe!?” Came from the left side of the room.
“ARE THEY!?” Cascaded across the room.
The sheriff stepped forward again. 
Frank leaned into the podium, “Ok. Any questions?”
Frank didn’t need to see the room. 
Frank tried to hide his sigh, “Ugh,” he let out, promptly followed by a cough, “Excuse me.”
Frank pointed to the center of the room in front him. A clamoring line began to form.
Up walked a plump man. 
“Dave Long.” He announced. “Frank.” He said tersely, “I think I speak for all of us.” 
“Ya!” The crowd responded.
“We would like some actual information. Why is this just coming out, Frank?”
“Mr. Long for the umpteenth time, it’s Detective Stillwell.”
“Uh huh.” The man responded.
“First, Mr. Long, the Lolo forest is federally protected. We don’t have jurisdiction.”
“That’s it?” Mr. Long spit into his water bottle.
“Mr. Long, it’s an active investigation and we’re waiting for the National Forest Service.”
“Load of horseshit. What do I pay you for then Frank?.”
“Any other questions, Mr. Long?”
Mr. Long walked away muttering to himself. 
“Detective Stillwell,” a  lady called.
“Yes, mam.” He didn’t know her personally but the college brought in all types of people.
“Is there any possibility it’s a serial killer?”
 “No. Not from what I’ve seen.”
“And what have you seen, Frank?” Mr. Long shouted. 
Frank gripped the podium, trying to hide his contempt.
“Answer him!” Came from someone in the middle rows. 
“YA!” Echoed. 
“Uh, god-“
 “Thank you ladies and gentlemen, keep your doors locked. Good night everyone.” The sheriff rushed in. 
The sheriff ushered Frank off stage and into the back.
“What the fuck was that, Frank?” The sheriff demanded
“I fucking told you, John don’t put me out there.”
“You were supposed to reassure them, not cause a fucking revolt.” John was pacing around. He was still in his full uniform. He kept muttering, “goddamn it.”
“Did you want me to lie to them?” Frank asked. 
“Yes.”
“Well, John,  I’m trying to not vilify us.”
“All you had to do was tell them you’re working on it. That’s all under control. Not that we can’t even work on the fucking murders, BECAUSE IT’S ON FEDERAL LAND.”
“Don’t fucking yell at me, John. Are you forgetting we’re in this together?” 
“Ah, goddamn it, Frank. I don’t have a choice anymore.”
“What does that mean?”
John sighed, “It’s the mayor. He’s making me take it federal. The FBI is gonna be here within the week. Hopefully, no one else dies in the mean time.”
“What do you mean, making you? He’s a part of this too.” 
“I know, Frank, that’s why I needed you to calm the fucking town. Now, you need to get your ass out there and move the supply before the FBI arrives.”
“Fine. Just don’t ask to do any more press conferences. I can barely tolerate this fucking town.”
