Chapter 6
Brooks paced down the long hallway. To Brooks hallways always looked never ending, like there was a void at the end. H stopped in front of the small interrogation room. Inside sat a young man in black priest robes.
“Father Noah.” Brooks said as he entered the room.
“Kyle. So happy you came to see me.” Noah said. Brooks looked up from the dossier in hand. He locked eyes with young priest. His broad, toothy smile, matching his golden curls. “Stepping around how you know my name, everything checks out, Father.”
“Good. I’m very eager to meet the director. I’ve some very tall tales about the man.”
“Mhm.” Brooks replied. “Let’s go, Father. We’re on a tight schedule.”
“Oh, do we now?” “Yes, Father. I’m assuming you’re who Father Joseph sent.” “Possibly. There’s a chance I’m not though. Depends on how much you trust your info, Kyle. Maybe I’m an assassin?” The priest held his unusually vibrant smile, Brooks held his place, looking over his shoulder.
A knock came at the door. “Alright, Father let’s go.” Brooks said.
Father Noah, stood and swept his hands down his robes to straighten them. The door opened, the never ending wormhole sucking them back in.
“You know, Kyle they always told me stories about the CIA headquarters. I was always that it was a real fortress.” “Father, I’d appreciate it if you called me Agent Brooks.”
The priest wasn’t paying attention. He had walked ahead, waiting eagerly for the elevator.
The elevator slowly ascended.
Stepping onto the top floor, there were no windows. What windows did exist were covered in all black covers. “Kyle, how does one stay sane in here? Where is the sunlight?” Noah asked.
“There is place for light in the shadows, Father.”
On executive floors there were nothing but offices. Father Noah couldn’t help but peer into each open office. Some held one person, some had room for maybe five or more. “Do you wear suites every day Kyle?”
“Office dress code. When we land I’ll be in something different.”
“Oh and you hair is so short, Kyle. Let your hair go.”
“I’ve been balding since I was a kid, there isn’t anything to grow.”
“Did you pray?”
Brooms sighed, “Father don’t make me curse at you. I’m trying to like you.”
“Give it time, Kyle.” Brooks could feel the stupid fucking smile. He knocked bluntly on the door. “Enter.” Came from the other side.
“Wow. Such a nice office you have, Rich.”
The director’s face dropped. He reached for his cigarettes.
“Don’t fucking tell me.” He started.
“It’s been far too long, Rick.” Noah cut him off.
Brooks looked back and forth between the two.
“Sir?” He asked.
“Sit down, Brooks.” He commanded.
