The barn door was already open. Jennifer was sitting on the floor, eyes wide as she locked eyes with the sheriff.
Frank dragged Dave in, placing him next to Jennifer. Her mouth moved trying to spit out her gag. Dave was just staring at Frank.
John sighed, “Alright, how are we doing this?” John asked.
“Grab the shotgun and the bodies. We gotta make it look like struggle. You have your piece?”
“Of course.” John handed over his pistol.
John left the barn with gunshots blasting off. He grabbed the shotgun and grabbed the body of Carl by his remaining hand. Dragging Carl’s body to the doorway, he want back for the sliced off arm.
John braced, grabbing the corpse under his shoulders.
“I got the woman.” Frank said jogging by.
John threw the one armed body into the wheel barrow, “Hurry up. I want to sleep.”
Frank was carrying the woman’s body in his arms, “You’re a pussy these days, you know that?”
John only watched as Frank dumped the woman’s body in the wheel barrow.
“I’m a pussy? I’m surprised you even did this, you’ve been shitting yourself about this fucking ‘werewolf’.”
“Because it’s real, John.” Frank looked both ways, “What if it’s true?”
The barn door now had several bulled sized holes.
“What if what’s true? It’s a rock, Frank.”
Frank narrowed his eyes at John.
They opened the door to gurgling and that look of fear.
John grabbed the shotgun. He aimed at the opposite wall and fired. The gun kicked wildly pushing back into John.
The booming continued as he fired off three more shots. He aimed the barrel at Carl’s sprawled corpse.
The body exploded into a mist of red, showering the hay around him. John continued, shooting the cows bodies.
He walked to Dave. He checked the gun and made sure it was empty. He unbound Dave’s hands and pushed the gun into his hands, “Don’t let go. I don’t want to hurt her more than I have to.”
Behind them Frank had his pistol aimed at Dave, the threat of silence extending the gun’s barrel.
John grabbed Mrs. Anderson’s body and laid her down in the back of the barn by the bodies of the cows.
“Knife.” He called back. Frank threw a silver object that reflected off the moonlight. John sliced open a cow and slit the woman’s throat, placing the knife in her hand.
“Uh, what’s that?” Frank asked.
“A reason to kill the cows. These two” He pointed to their prisoners “appeared to find the serial killers.”
“Uh, I’m not sure that’s gonna get past the FBI.”
“It’s three in the morning, Frank.”
“I guess we gotta get here early then, get these bodies in the river, or something.”
John scowled. He grabbed his gun.
The shot resonated through the barn. Jennifer screamed so hard the gag released.
A shriek roared through the barn.
A hole appeared in the middle of her head, and it fell forward. The smoke was still spilling out of the extended barrel.
“You get to explain the bullet holes and lack of guns.” John said, walking past him.
“See you tomorrow.” Frank said cheerfully.
John mumbled under his breath.
A thundering howl pierce the sky.
Frank sprinted past John and into John’s car.
“Motherfucker, we’re next to the forest, there are wolves. Uh, fucking guy.”
