Chapter 6
Brooks paced down the long hallway. To Brooks hallways always looked never ending, like there was a void at the end. H stopped in front of the small interrogation room. Inside sat a young man in black priest robes.
“Father Noah.” Brooks said as he entered the room.
“Kyle. So happy you came to see me.” Noah said. Brooks looked up from the dossier in hand. He locked eyes with young priest. His broad, toothy smile, matching his golden curls. “Stepping around how you know my name, everything checks out, Father.”
“Good. I’m very eager to meet the director. I’ve some very tall tales about the man.”
“Mhm.” Brooks replied. “Let’s go, Father. We’re on a tight schedule.”
“Oh, are we now?” “Yes, Father. I’m assuming you’re who Father Joseph sent.” “Possibly. There’s a chance I’m not though. Depends on how much you trust your info, Kyle. Maybe I’m an assassin?” The priest held his unusually vibrant smile, Brooks held his place, looking over his shoulder.
A knock came at the door. “Alright, Father let’s go.” Brooks said.
Father Noah, stood and swept his hands down his robes to straighten them. The door opened, the never ending wormhole sucking them back in.
“You know, Kyle they always told me stories about the CIA headquarters. I was always that it was a real fortress.” Noah skipped into the abyss.
Brooks watched the overly eager priest as meandered. The lights were circle shaped, leaving little dots of light in between each shadow. “Father, I’d appreciate it if you called me Agent Brooks.”
“Kyle are we going to the secret place?” He asked.
“What secret place?”
“You know the RnD division. The place where you guys develop all the new cutting edge spyware. Oh! Like that supercomputer you guys have in there.”
Brooks pushed the button on the elevator. “Kyle, how does one stay sane in here? Where are the windows? The Lord’s light?” Noah asked as they crossed the last bastion of reality.
“There is no place for light in the shadows, Father.” Brooks following the priest.
“Ok, Father this is the executive floor. Please do you best to not disturb anyone inside.”
Father Noah nodded his head, curls bouncing.
Each door had the same plain white door. The offices were spread out evenly in consistent rows. Grey carpets matched the gaudy tones.
“Do you wear suites every day Kyle?” Noah asked.
“Office dress code. When we land I’ll be in something different.”
“Oh and you hair is so short, Kyle. Let your hair go.”
“I’ve been balding since I was a kid, there isn’t anything to grow.”
“Did you pray?”
Brooks sighed, “Father don’t make me curse at you. I’m trying to like you.”
“Give it time, Kyle.” Brooks could feel the stupid fucking smile. He knocked bluntly on the door. “Enter.” Came from the other side.
“Wow. Such a nice office you have, Rick”
The director’s face dropped. He reached for his cigarettes.
“Don’t fucking tell me.” He started.
“It’s been far too long, Rick.” Noah cut him off.
Brooks looked back and forth between the two.
“Sir?” He asked.
“Sit down, Brooks.” He commanded.
Brooks did as ordered. The priest though, was bouncing around checking out every piece of the office.
“Noah sit down.” The director said.
The priest ignored him, still working his way around the various trophies in the office. He stopped in front of what looked like a picture.
“You naughty boy, Rick.” His green eyes gleamed with excitement. “I won’t tell Father Joseph you took this scroll from his office.”
Rick narrowed his eyes as Noah inadvertently dodged the daggers thrown his way.
“Firstly, I didn’t steal it. Secondly, he knows. Now sit the fuck down before I lose my patience.” The director puffed a coupled times, before inhaling a deep breath of smoke.
“Now,’ he started, “Since I have to play by Church rules just for you, you little bastard.” He spat. Noah didn’t even notice he was going through the things on the director’s desk.
“On Monday, you are to leave for Montana, Noah. Brooks you leave today.”
“What?” Brooks asked.
“Today.” The director repeated.
“That wasn’t the plan sir.”
“I know, Brooks, I wrote the god damn plan.”“Blasphemer!” Noah exclaimed.
Both men stared at the priest.
“The priest here, has requested to do a service here at headquarters on Sunday. That damn pope has my nuts in his hands at the moments.”
Noah snickered in his seat.
The director took another pull of cigarette, his black mustache enveloping the rapidly declining piece of paper. He was careful to keep the ashes off his black and white suit as he reached for the ash tray.
“So, Brooks, pack your shit, and walk this god damned nutcase out of my office and to his room.”
Without another word he shooed them off. Brooks and Noah scrambled out of the door.
“C’mon priestling, I’m more pressed than ever now.”
“Oh, you should really come to my mass, Kyle.”
The elevator dinged open, revealing more emptiness.
“I can’t fortunately.” Brooks pressed a button and the elevator began to move down.
“It’s ok. I’m sure we’ll have a blast in Montana.”
“Speak for yourself.” Brooks responded as the door opened again.
The floor was unlike the others. Inside sat a lounge area, complete with a kitchenette, recliners, and a sofa.
“Oh, wow!” Noah said, jumping onto the sofa.
Brooks turned back to the door, “Make sure you at least read the damn dossier.” He slammed the door shut.
