It was a smooth drag, no indentions in the dirt implying someone stopped to rest and let the body lie flat. Working the riverbank, there were little to no other tracks. No footprints or massive paw prints. James followed the drag trail, looking for signs what would have drug someone so far.
“Crazy trail, huh?” Frank asked returning.
“Ya, it’s, uh, interesting to say the least.”
“So what’s next. You’re the one in charge now, or at least that’s what the sheriff said.”
“How much did you guys look at during the initial investigation?”
“I thought you didn’t want the report, Special agent.”
“Hmpf.” James grunted.
“You, ‘Special Agent’ types, I thought y’all had to wear easily identifiable clothing with big bold FBI across it?”
Frank cocked an eye brow as he watched the agent from behind.
“Mostly, but no offense, this is the middle of bum fuck Montana. Not necessary for the forest of all places.”
“I’m aware agent Johnson. There are no eyes out here.”
Snap!
Something stampeded to their right. James’ hand dropped to his gun. He seamlessly pulled the gun from his holster and dropped into a shooting stance.
James was taking deep breaths. He needed to be able to hear, to see. He stood on the riverbank hyper focused on the direction of the violent stampede. Frank started to back away quietly.
“Stop.” James said. “You’re not permitted to leave yet detective.”
Frank was now reaching his hand towards his own weapon. James was still staring away from him.
“Tell me, detective Stillwell, why is the forest still open to visitors?”
“Because, it’s summer. The town’s only real revenue stream for the year. Also I’m not a fucking fed.”
“Makes sense, detective. How much are skimming off the top?”
“Fuck you, what’s that supposed to mean?” Frank asked. “And put the fucking gun away before you shot some innocent animal that made a noise.”
James complied while turning to keep his eyes on the man.
“Why else would you keep the campsites open? Whatever is capable of dragging  a grown man down to the river with no breaks, is not something that is found in nature.”
“I know. That’s why we think serial killer.”
“Wouldn’t that be a much larger problem for such a small town, embedded in the forest?”
“Isolated attacks happen every year Agent Johnson. Sometimes its easy, like a bear attack. Sometimes it’s not, like a teenager deciding to murder his or family because of girl or guy. That doesn’t mean it’s anything else.”“Ya, that’d be convient, huh detective? Why else would the sheriff tell his people to be in doors by 9?”
“What are you implying?” Frank asked dryly.
“Let’s just say, I hope I don’t find any drugs around here.”
“I didn’t know looking out for people meant I was a fucking drug dealer.”James just narrowed his eyes.
“If you’re done here, ‘Special Agent’, I’m going home.” Frank marched off in the opposite direction.
James remembered his orders.
“Detective, if you leave I will have you arrested.”
The men stared at each other.
Something rustled in bush, breaking the men’s concentration.
“Fine, god damn it.” Frank said. “Where the fuck are we going anyway?”“We’re going to walk the river. It’s shallow, something must have washed up somewhere, right detective?”
Frank mumbled to himself taking point. The sun began lower, taking its warmth with it.
James shivered again, the dusk air dancing on his skin.
Bug chitterred all around them, bringing the woods even closer to the men. “How far, damn it?” Frank asked, his teeth chattering slightly. “Well you see anything?” “No, just that shitty rock. We don’t have much time either. It’ll be dark by the time we get back to my truck.” James looked closer at the shitty rock. It was round and boulbous but oddly not rock like.
“Wait.” James said. “Go get that rock.”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“I’ll fucking freeze to death.”
“No one said you have to get in.” Franks’ facial expression allowing more disdain than intended.
Frank muttered to himself, grabbing a large stick. He poke at the rock, but was squishy? Frank continued trying to wheel the rock towards the river bank. He spun the rock over and its eyes met his.
“Ahhhhh! Fuck” Frank yelled.
James rushed over pistol drawn, “What? What is it?”
Frank pointed to the rock. The face looking at him was waterlogged. It was bloated and fat ready to explode into pieces. “Think its our campers?” James asked.
Frank didn’t answer. James squatted next to Frank and whispered in his ear, “Did they find out about your operation?” Off in the distance a wolf howled. James moved to grab the head by it’s hair. The cut was a clean slice, almost surgical. The man had died almost instantly. “Looks to be a professional.” James said. “Either we have a new victim or old victim. I think the former is better than the latter.”
Frank still wasn’t speaking but had moved. He was staring off into the distance. Red eyes appeared in the forest across the river. Another howl tormented Frank. James was still holding his pistol. The gun trembled slightly.
“Detective, I don’t remember there being a wolf problem around here.” James said.
“There wasn’t” Frank replied. Frank still looking ahead watched a figure walk from the shadows. It was huge, taller than any man, and it was covered in fur. Frank rubbed at eyes. He rubbed them harder this time.
Before James could look over, something came flying over the horizon. It landed with a wet thud on the river bank. Frank watched the figure transform into red eyes as the figure retreated into the woods.
Frank had a terrible thought, “Is it watching me?” As a gust chilled the man. James walked up to the object to inspect.
Looking down at it, it was a body. In a forest green uniform with the words “Special Forest Service” across the vest. Another howl swept through the woods as something shook the trees, each tree shaking as the figure past one.
James studied the body, the blood was flowing into the river. He watched as the line of red flowed back towards the town.