Prologue
“Goddamn it, why am I out here?” The director asked.
“It’s important, Mr. Director. They wouldn’t have called you otherwise.”
The director sighed deeply, “This is on US soil. Why call me?”
The park ranger didn’t reply. He just kept walking.
The director followed, pulling a pack of cigarettes out of his suit pocket.He was in his usual suit, black hair slicked back.He lit one, taking in the darkening forest with a puff.
“How long have you been in park service?” The director asked.
The ranger didn’t answer.
“I remember when I went federal.” The director began.
He tried to keep his dress shoes clean, sidestepping puddles and dodging mud patches.
“Shit,” He continued, “I was maybe 28, or 27. I’d had enough of the beat. The beat gave me the real perspective-“
The ranger cut him off, “Sir, with all due respect this is an active crime scene. The suspect is still on the loose, so if you could keep talking a minimum.”
“I think it’s clear I don’t want to be here anymore than you want me to. At least don’t torture me.” The director said.
The ranger kept walking. The director followed, smoking his cigarette along the way.
Snap! Something broke in the distance.
The director puffed hard, and reached for his hip. He squatted slightly, coming into a combat stance.
The ranger had kept walking.
The director tried to read the increasing silence.
“Hey!” The director yelled. He had to run to catch up.
“The Director of the CIA, scared of what goes bump in the night.” The ranger replied, keeping his pace.
“We both know, I know where the national forest services’ bodies lay. Some of them of *ours*”
“No, Mr. Director. Somethings are far worse than whatever CIA bullshit, y’all peddled through here.”
“Hmpf,” the director grunted. “Ya? Like the feral people problem.”
The ranger ignored the bureaucrat. The shadows masking a decades old struggle.
The walk continued for another few miles. The trees were an abyss, odd shaped shadows dashing in and out of the wood. The moon is the only guardian on the path forward.
“Ok,” The ranger finally said, “We’re here.”
They had arrived at an isolated camp site. A tent sat next to an extinguished fire. Behind the camp site sat a starlight lake.
The ranger walked over to the tent. He motioned for the director.
The director walked up to see a giant gash on the side of the tent.
“It’s empty.” The director said, grabbing another cigarette.
“Look at this hole.” The ranger pointed to the mortal wound. “Who tears a tent like this?”
“Bad acid trip? You’re right, though a weird pattern.”
“No. The tent was ripped. Whatever ripped through it must have been bigger than a black bear.”
“The ultra guys would do shit like this. Leave them alone long enough and they, uh, change mentally.”
The ranger narrowed his eyes at him.
“It's Daltov pass, some people aren’t prepared for how much the temperature drops at night.”
The ranger dropped his ,”It’s July.”
“Ya, grizzly season. You got anything else? I think I know what happened here.” The director’s cigarette, an evil ember of light in the shadows.
The ranger grumbled “Follow me.” They walked to the edge of the lake.
The director gagged, almost losing his stomach.“Jesus, fuck.” He exclaimed. “Warn me next time.”
The ranger squatted down in front the of the body closest to them, “Aren’t you the same guy who permits torture.”
“Prove it.”
The ranger scoffed, “Figures. Look at this poor girl’s leg.”
The director stood behind the ranger. He had pulled out his handkerchief, and was holding it to his face.
The ranger put on a pair of black gloves. He grabbed the girl’s leg, “Right here at the cut. It’s not clean, it’s jagged. A knife couldn’t have done this, not even a machete.”
The director looked at the rest of the body. Her stomach had been sliced open, her organs spilling out in every direction. The girl’s eyes were still open, locking with him.
The director turned to his left to find the body of a young man. The man was lying on his stomach, one arm outreached for the lake, three slice marks across his back. Something had ripped the back of his neck off.
The ranger was next to the director.
“That’s not *human*, Mr. Director. This wasn’t even an animal, no animal has claws that big.” He traced the lines of the slices.
The director dropped his cigarette but, stepping on the last embers.
“This the third attack since the start of June. This place will be packed soon. That’s not accounting for Glacier either. ” The ranger said.
The director crossed his arm, “I’m struggling to see how an animal attack has anything to do with me.”
“I told them bringing you in was a waste of time.” The ranger sighed.
“You’re goddamn right it was. You brought me into the middle of  Montana to show me an animal attack. I’ms supposed to be on vacation."
The ranger took his hat off, holding it to his chest. He ran his fingers through a thicket of brown hair.“With all due respect sir, fuck off.”
“Oh, ya mister big bad ranger.”
“Ya fuck you, Rick. You can’t even see past your own ego. You don’t know in these woods, this country, like you think you do.”
“C’mon Jeff, really?” The director exclaimed.
“What?” The ranger asked intensely.
“This is how you get me back, Jeff? All because I took some of your funding. Look at what you brought me out here to show me dead bodies. People die every day Jeff.”
“Not like this, Rick, not in the forests.”
“Welcome to reality, Jeff. Now get me the fuck out of here.”
The helicopter took off, perverting the natural peace.
Jeff took a second. He watched the last hope of a dying summer fly away.
Jeff started walking towards his truck. His steps bouncing off the wooden sound barrier, each of his steps reassuring him.
Life bounced all around him.
“Whoooo.” cooed an owl.
Jeff relaxed, his shoulders falling as he released a long breath.
“Arooooooooo!” A wolf howled in the distance.
Snap!
Something off to Jeff’s right moved. It was fast, Jeff couldn’t see it as it dashed by.
Jeff grabbed his flashlight, betraying the moon.
He shined his light left to right. The tendrils of shadow hungrily licked the edges of artificial light.
Something rustled behind him and he turned as fast as he could.
Only the abyss stood behind him.
Jeff pressed forward, the warm night chilling his body.
Red eyes flashed from different angles. Evil embers in the night. Jeff couldn’t keep up with them, as they laughed at him.
 Jeff picked up his pace he was running now. The pounding of his heart was too loud to grab his anchor to reality.
Jeff didn’t see the branch on the ground that had taken his ankle. He tried to stand up. He collapsed down to his good knee.
“WHOOOOOOOO!” Some eldritch beast screeched.
Jeff forced himself up, using a tree for help. He pushed harder, limping against the barrier. Jeff tried to hold the flashlight as best he could. The light was forced to his feet as he tried to keep balance. The tendrils, now circling Jeff.
Snap!
The sound came behind him. Directly behind him.
Malice pushed Jeff forward. He put his all into trying to move. He could barely take a step.
“Whooooosh!” Something had let out a deep breath not to Jeff’s ear. Its slobber dripped onto his shoulder.
Jeff turned again, the creature bounding back into the shadows.
Jeff shined his light. Something towered over him.

The sheriff looked into the truck.
“Nothing he said.”
The man next to him stepped forward towards the trail.
“Hey, sheriff, come here.”
The sheriff joined his detective. Looking at the ground something sparkled.
The sheriff reached down and picked a gold star splattered with blood.
It read “Special Forest Service, Jeff Fisher.
