Chapter 2
Elizabeth sighed deeply, looking at the disorder on her desk. Papers spilled across the wood. Research papers, her notes, her students research papers. She pushed the jumbled mess of papers to the side, making a nice neat empty space to put her coffee.
She awoke her computer to find a new email. Nothing new, as a teacher and researcher, she was used to emails at all hours of the night. Probably another disgruntled student begging to make up an assignment, or more funding disputes.
Her email opened to an unfamiliar sender. The email address didn’t show? That was odd. She opened it.
“Good Evening Dr. Green.” The email began.
“We have immense interest in your work. We’ll see you soon with a possible job opportunity. "
Odd. She deleted the email without much thought. Probably a scam she thought.
“Ugh.” She let out. She started to organize her mountain of paperwork before it finally suffocated her. She managed to make a semi decent pile out of type of paper. She took a sip of her coffee.
She grabbed a student paper and looked at it.
“This is bullshit.” She muttered. She looked up seeing the Harvard diploma taunting her. Next to it was the picture of her first research team in the Amazon rain forest.
Ding!
Her email lit up, pulling her away from her memories. She checked it to see another email from the mysterious sender, her smile fading.
“Good Evening Dr. Green,” It began. “Due to the urgent nature of my mission I will arriving tonight. Apologies for any inconveniences.”
She deleted the new email. How on earth did this person manage to hide their email address. She tapped her nails impatiently on the desk.
She hadn’t talked to ex boyfriend in maybe…. ten years? Plus he wasn’t smart enough to pull something like this.
Elizabeth was stumped as to who would email anonymously.
She decided that was enough for one night. She started to grab her things, as the stack of papers looked back at her. She put her things back down and sat her desk. She sipped the coffee and started to work.
The clock had rolled into the next day as Elizabeth worked her to half the piles. She pushed her self back from the desk and leaned back in her chair. She let out a sigh and released her pony tail. Long strands of red hair came to life, free of their restraint.
She looked around once again, slightly pleased with herself. It was time to go home. She started gather her things, when a knock came at the door.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
Elizabeth was too startled to speak.
The doorknob turned and a man in a suit walked in.
“Dr. Green!” He exclaimed. He rushed to her with his hand extended.
Elizabeth took a step back, trying to hide her disgust. “Sir, its twelve thirty in the morning, what are you doing here?” As she asked she reached inside her purse.
The man appeared startled, “Dr. Green did you not get my emails. I told you I was coming.”
Her jaw nearly hit the floor. “Get the fuck out of here or I will tase you.”
“Dr. Green please relax, at least let me introduce myself.”
Elizabeth mulled the idea over in her head. He didn’t look like a student, or a teacher for that matter.
“Go, hurry.” She replied.
“Of course. Just call me Mr. Brooks. I work for the CIA. I have been tasked with assembling an extremely specific and specialized team.”
“What’s that got to due with me?” She asked.
“Well, I’m sure you know, morphologists are hard to come by. There’s less of you than pandas. Probably.”
“That’s true. Why me?”
“We’re dealing with a delicate matter of the upmost importance. I was tasked by the president himself. As for you, we looked at the work you did at Harvard, I figured you could a change of scenery.”
Damn, he was right.
“Ok, say I take this job, what’s the nature of the work.”“That’s classified until you sign the NDA.”
“Ugh, the pay?” She asked.
“You have the president’s backing.” Brooks was stone faced. Simply maintaining his public smile.
She finally pulled her hand out of her purse, releasing the taser.
“That’s not a number.” She replied.
“It’ll all be explained after you sign the NDA.”
“That doesn’t explain, why you’re here so late.”
Mr. Brooks sighed deeply, “Classified, but it’s been a long day, through many different states and a couple of countries.”
“How long do I have to think? You said in your email it was urgent.” Elizabeth was still standing, trying to size up this random man.
“I can give you maybe five minutes. I need to get you back home to pack.”
“That’s it?” She asked incredulous.
“Dr. Green we’re working for the president here.” Brooks pleaded.
“Will I be in the field?” She asked, feeling her legs ache. “Only if you want to.” He replied.
“Ok, last thing ‘Mr. Brooks.’ ” Elizabeth’s face had turned hard. “How do I know you’re really the CIA? Isn’t the CIA’s whole thing subterfuge?”
Brooks reached for his suit pocket. He pulled out a pack of cigarettes, smacked the bottom and pulled a fresh one.
Elizabeth shot daggers at the man, “I hope you’re not planning on lighting that in here.”
Brooks lit the cigarette anyway, “Elizabeth, how would I be here in your office at your place of work at twelve thirty on a Tuesday? A Tuesday of all days.”
“You have a point.” She conceded, “But that’s not verification.”
Brooks took a big drag of his cigarette. He reluctantly pulled a small black wallet. He flipped it open revealing a proper CIA badge. It was small, had CIA in big letters with a picture of the man before her, “Kyle Brooks” read across the bottom.
Elizabeth considered it for a moment.
“C’mon, is that not enough?” Brooks asked.
“No, it works. I’ll find out for sure when you take me to the random black site you likely have prepped for me.”
“Thank you, now hurry up. I need to get going.”
