Chapter 4
“Director Samuels, so nice to see you again. How many years has it been?”
“Too long your Holiness. Maybe 10 or 15 years.” 
“Ah, yes, just a field agent at the time. Now look at you, director of the CIA.”“Your Holiness, you’re too nice. I got here just like everyone else, through hard work and determination.”
“Of course, director. Now enough of frivolity. What brings you to the Vatican.” 
“I’ll get to that, but first please meet one my protegees. Your Holiness, this is Kyle Brooks.” 
The old man studied Brooks. 
“It’s a pleasure your Holiness.” Brooks stood and bowed. 
“What is your faith Kyle?” The old man asked. 
 “Uh,” 
The Director stepped in before Brooks could answer, “Please your Holiness, not this.” The director slouched in his chair. 
“Always too secular. You should return to your faith Andrew.” 
The director didn’t look him in the eye.
“Let’s keep that past in the past, your Holiness. I’m here for something far more important.”“Yes, I suppose you’re right. It was my idea to get to the point.”
“I need to speak with Father Joseph.” 
The pope didn’t react, simply trained his eyes on the Director. 
“Ah, there it is.”
The director sighed. 
“You know that’s top secret, even for your type.” 
“I’m aware your Holiness. That should tell you how serious I am.” 
“Tsk. Tsk. Always meddling Andrew, but I suppose. You’ll have 10 minutes.” 
The Director stood to bow, “Thank you, your Holiness.”The pope stood up, uniform immaculate, “Don’t worry Director. You’ll pay me back.” The pope left the room with the help of his assistants. 
A man in priest clothes stood in front of them as the pope left. 
“Gentlemen, I am Monsignor Matthew, the pope’s assistant. If you’d please follow me.” 
He led the Director and Brooks through the Vatican. The many colors of the windows illuminating rainbows. 
Brooks leaned in, trying to whisper to the director, “How do you know the pope?”
“You don’t need to whisper. Monsignor Matthew and I go way back. Too far back.” 
“You should not be ashamed of your past Andrew.” The Monsignor chimed in. 
“Don’t make me curse in the lord’s house Matthew. Y’all didn’t even let me bring my cigarettes or flask.” 
“Sins of the body, Andrew.”
“Shut up.”
Monsignor Matthew leaned over towards Brooks, “Did he tell you how he ended up here?”“No, he hasn’t actually.” Brooks replied. 
“Because it’s not important.” The director said, “Get me to the damned library so I can get out of this Hell.” 
Matthew laughed, “This is no Hell Andrew. Hell only lives in that great mind of yours.” 
They finally arrived at a guard shack built into a wall. To the side of the guard hut was one steel door. Locked tight, requiring a key card or a code.
The Swiss guard bowed to Matthew, “Monsignor.” 
“Good afternoon. These two to Father Joseph.”
The guard started to work, typing furiously into his computer. 
Matthew turned to the Director and Brooks, “Andrew behave yourself in there. Last time we had to drag you out. You’re lucky the pope likes you. I wouldn’t let you step foot in the Vatican.” 
The director waved off the Monsignor. Matthew walked away. 
The guard popped out from the hut, and another took his seat. He handed them two badges that said “VISITOR” across it, complete with a photo.
“How’d you get my picture?” Brooks asked. 
The guard didn’t speak. He walked to the door, entering in a code. He stood there like the door was watching him, before it opened. He bowed with his right arm tucked and left arm pointing inside. 
Brooks and the director stepped inside. The door closed behind them. The dank smell of old books caressed Brooks. 
“Fuck this place. Let’s hurry up. That damn pope is clocking us. I know it.” The director said. He pushed forward, walking through the miles of rows. 
“What even is this place?” Brooks asked trying to keep up.
“The Vatican’s sins.” 
“That’s not very helpful.” 
The director picked up his pace, “It’s the oldest library in the world. Filled with whatever literature the church deemed important.”
“What’s that got to do with the CIA?” Brooks asked. 
“Everything.” The director replied.
