James drove slowly through the town. As he drove, he looked around allowing his quiet surroundings to make themselves known.
James pulled out a small note pad as he waited a red light. He parsed his mind, letting the seconds of red tick. He noted what he had seen and anything he would consider significant.
A horn behind James pulled him from his visualization. He looked down as he drove to see the detailed map of the town he had been creating since he arrived.
The town though small, was packed this time of year. The idyllic river that flowed life into the town, brought crowds of guests as well.
The town was built around the river, it flowed through the town. Passengers on it’s violent cycle. In the spring, the snows of winter melted into the river enraging it. The river would lash out, fast and brutal, flooding the lively banks. The summer sun brought peace to the land, calming the river. In return the river shallowed allowing passage with a gentle stream.
James pulled up to the Sheriff’s office, it stood guard over the river. James parked in the and addressed his surroundings. He saw a four door sedan to be the only car lounging in the parking. He looked left. Look right. He used the mirrors to check his rear view.
Seeing the coast was clear, James opened the flip phone he was give. He opened the relic and pushed 1.
“Hello.” A gravely voice answered almost immediately. “It’s Johnson, I’m in position.”“Good,” The voice replied, “The rest of the team and I will be there sometime this week. How’s the scouting.
“Mostly done in town sir. It’s a quite place, too quite. Something feels off. I can’t place my finger on it.”
“Hmpf.” A grunt came from the phone. “Keep your guard up.”“Copy.” James moved to close the phone.
The voice reached out before he could, “Johnson.”“Ya?”
“Keep your eyes on the detective. Take him with you to the forest.”
“Anything else, sir?” James asked.
“No, over and out.” The line went dead.
James stepped out of the SUV. He looked back over his shoulder again. Nothing. He touched his hip, letting the metal ease his mind.
The sheriff’s office was older. The inside matched the outside. James’ boots echoed off the white green tiles.
The wooden secretaries desk stood in the middle of the office, a splintered mess of red.  The desk was empty leaving a phantom secretary to pencil him in.
James saw the visitor check and studied the paper. The last entry was from three years ago. James pulled out his notepad.
“You must be Special Agent Johnson.” Someone boomed behind him.
James didn’t break his concentration, finishing his observation.
The man was in his sheriff’s outfit, a gold star popping out of the mundane sheriff brown color of his uniform.
“Special Agent James Johnson.”
“Sheriff John Collins.” The two shook hands.
“Sorry about that.” Collins said. “She’s on the younger side and it’s been slow, so we let the secretary take extra days off to enjoy the summer. Youth only lasts so long.” He turned walking back from where he came.
James followed. He noted the various pictures over the years. Many generations of sheriffs and deputies. Gargantuan bucs spread out with one, two, or multiple people in frame crowding the trophy.
“How long have you been Sheriff?” James asked.
“Oh not too long. I finally decided to do something about this place.” He opened the door to his office, revealing a small room. It was too packed for any decorations. Two chairs sat in front of the sheriffs desk. James took a seat. The sheriff’s desk was full of clutter and papers. To left of his desk stood more stacks of paper.
“So, you were law enforcement prior to becoming sheriff?”“Something like that.” The sheriff replied, “You’re not here for little old me. You’re here to help me put a stop to these damn murders.”
“Ideally sheriff, but I do have some questions. I hope you understand.”
“Of course, special agent. Of course, but I do have a busy day ahead of me. Let’s not waste anymore time, we have a lot of ground to cover.”

“You an outdoorsman, Agent Johnson?”
“Something like that.” Johnson replied keep his eyes hooded.
“This time of year is fly fishing season. We should get out there one day, while the summer is still young.”
“Maybe. Where are we going sheriff?”
“To the first attack location. The bodies are gone but the scene has been untouched by my deputies.”
“How many attacked in total?” James asked.
“3 technically 4, but the we’re not sure about the fourth.”
The sheriff’s truck settled into a picturesque camp site.
“We’re here.”
“Sheriff.” James said.
“Yes?”
“I was told to expect a detective.”“He’ll meet us up here just around the bend.”
The two departed carefully walking around the campsite.
James noted what looked like drag marks still intact despite the rapidly changing environment. Next to the clearing were communal bathrooms complete with showers. He looked as hard as he could, making out…..footprints?
James broke off as the sheriff rambled about himself and the town. He squatted down to get a better look at the footprint. It was more of paw print. From where he was working the outside of the campsite, the print looked small. In front of it James hovered his hand over the print for scale. There were three or four pads, whatever it was it must have been heavy. James looked that print seeing what looked like human toes? Attached to the massive paw.
“Agent Johnson!” The sheriff yelled for him.
“One sec.”
James pulled out his phone and snapped as many pictures as he could. The sheriff was walking back, James did his best to anticipate when he’d arrive. Each twig snapping, advancing the timer.
“Something catch your eye agent?”
James quickly covered the print with dirt.
“Did you guys examine the crime scene?”
“Unfortunately, we didn’t have time or the bodies to carryout a full investigation.”
James nodded his head and the sheriff continued his path.
Something cawed off to the side, pulling James’ attention. Following the source, James could see stains on the surrounding trees. James reached for his hip.
Up a head the trees cleared to an opening. Running water broke through the trees, guiding the two men forward.
In the clearing was another man. He was dressed in a flannel with some jeans, hair short.
“Sheriff.” He called.
“Agent Johnson this is Detective Stillwell.”
“Pleasure.” Frank said extending his hand.
“Likewise.”
“Good timing too.” The detective smiled. “He squatted down pointing something that cleared the rocky beach.
It looked like something large had been drug into the river.
“What do you think detective” The sheriff asked.
“Looks like someone dragged the bodies into the river.”
“Looks like you won’t be here very long agent. I think we know the culprit.” The sheriff smiled.
“Maybe.” James replied. “I need to see more.”
“Nonsense.” The sheriff clapped his hands, “Once you sit down and read our report, I think we’ll both agree.”
James looked at both men. Their smiles widening, the gold blinding now as the sun passed over them.
James backed up a little bit, happy the two men were in front of him. He still made sure his back was to a tree at least.
“That won’t be necessary at this time sheriff. I’m the field man. I’ll draw my own conclusions and compare.”“Ok, ok. I’m not here to tell you what to do, special agent. Let’s go Frank.”
Frank rose to his feet, taller than James expected.
“No. I’d like the detective to join my today.”
“Why?” Frank asked.
“I’d like to pick your brain about a couple of things.”
The sheriff and the detective glanced each other.
“Of course.” The sheriff replied, “Just let me borrow my detective for a moment.”
The two walked back towards the campsite.
James took the moment to glance at the “drag marks”.
It was a smooth drag, no indentions in the dirt implying someone stopped to rest and let the body lie flat. Working the riverbank, there were little to no other tracks. No footprints or massive paw prints. James followed the drag trail, looking for signs what would have drug someone so far.
“Crazy trail, huh?” Frank asked returning.
“Ya, it’s, uh, interesting to say the least.”
“So what’s next. You’re the one in charge now, or at least that’s what the sheriff said.”
“How much did you guys look at during the initial investigation?”
“I thought you didn’t want the report, Special agent.”
“Hmpf.” James grunted.
“You, ‘Special Agent’ types, I thought y’all had to wear easily identifiable clothing with big bold FBI across it?”
Frank cocked an eye brow as he watched the agent from behind.
“Mostly, but no offense, this is the middle of bum fuck Montana. Not necessary for the forest of all places.”
“I’m aware agent Johnson. There are no eyes out here.”
Snap!
Something stampeded to their right. James’ hand dropped to his gun. He seamlessly pulled the gun from his holster and dropped into a shooting stance.
James was taking deep breaths. He needed to be able to hear, to see. He stood on the riverbank hyper focused on the direction of the violent stampede. Frank started to back away quietly.
“Stop.” James said. “You’re not permitted to leave yet detective.”
Frank was now reaching his hand towards his own weapon. James was still staring away from him.
“Tell me, detective Stillwell, why is the forest still open to visitors?”
“Because, it’s summer. The town’s only real revenue stream for the year. Also I’m not a fucking fed.”
“Makes sense, detective. How much are skimming off the top?”
“Fuck you, what’s that supposed to mean?” Frank asked. “And put the fucking gun away before you shot some innocent animal that made a noise.”
James complied while turning to keep his eyes on the man.
“Why else would you keep the campsites open? Whatever is capable of dragging  a grown man down to the river with no breaks, is not something that is found in nature.”
“I know. That’s why we think serial killer.”
“Wouldn’t that be a much larger problem for such a small town, embedded in the forest?”
“Isolated attacks happen every year Agent Johnson. Sometimes its easy, like a bear attack. Sometimes it’s not, like a teenager deciding to murder his or family because of girl or guy. That doesn’t mean it’s anything else.”“Ya, that’d be convient, huh detective? Why else would the sheriff tell his people to be in doors by 9?”
“What are you implying?” Frank asked dryly.
“Let’s just say, I hope I don’t find any drugs around here.”
“I didn’t know looking out for people meant I was a fucking drug dealer.”James just narrowed his eyes.
“If you’re done here, ‘Special Agent’, I’m going home.” Frank marched off in the opposite direction.
James remembered his orders.
“Detective, if you leave I will have you arrested.”
The men stared at each other.
Something rustled in bush, breaking the men’s concentration.
“Fine, god damn it.” Frank said. “Where the fuck are we going anyway?”“We’re going to walk the river. It’s shallow, something must have washed up somewhere, right detective?”
Frank mumbled to himself taking point. The sun began lower, taking its warmth with it.
James shivered again, the dusk air dancing on his skin.
Bug chitterred all around them, bringing the woods even closer to the men. “How far, damn it?” Frank asked, his teeth chattering slightly. “Well you see anything?” “No, just that shitty rock. We don’t have much time either. It’ll be dark by the time we get back to my truck.” James looked closer at the shitty rock. It was round and boulbous but oddly not rock like.
“Wait.” James said. “Go get that rock.”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“I’ll fucking freeze to death.”
“No one said you have to get in.” Franks’ facial expression allowing more disdain than intended.
Frank muttered to himself, grabbing a large stick. He poke at the rock, but was squishy? Frank continued trying to wheel the rock towards the river bank. He spun the rock over and its eyes met his.
“Ahhhhh! Fuck” Frank yelled.
James rushed over pistol drawn, “What? What is it?”
Frank pointed to the rock. The face looking at him was waterlogged. It was bloated and fat ready to explode into pieces. “Think its our campers?” James asked.
Frank didn’t answer. James squatted next to Frank and whispered in his ear, “Did they find out about your operation?” Off in the distance a wolf howled. James moved to grab the head by it’s hair. The cut was a clean slice, almost surgical. The man had died almost instantly. “Looks to be a professional.” James said. “Either we have a new victim or old victim. I think the former is better than the latter.”
Frank still wasn’t speaking but had moved. He was staring off into the distance. Red eyes appeared in the forest across the river. Another howl tormented Frank. James was still holding his pistol. The gun trembled slightly.
“Detective, I don’t remember there being a wolf problem around here.” James said.
“There wasn’t” Frank replied. Frank still looking ahead watched a figure walk from the shadows. It was huge, taller than any man, and it was covered in fur. Frank rubbed at eyes. He rubbed them harder this time.
Before James could look over, something came flying over the horizon. It landed with a wet thud on the river bank. Frank watched the figure transform into red eyes as the figure retreated into the woods.
Frank had a terrible thought, “Is it watching me?” As a gust chilled the man. James walked up to the object to inspect.
Looking down at it, it was a body. In a forest green uniform with the words “Special Forest Service” across the vest. Another howl swept through the woods as something shook the trees, each tree shaking as the figure past one.
James studied the body, the blood was flowing into the river. He watched as the line of red flowed back towards the town.