Chapter 4
“Director Burch, so nice to see you again. How many years has it been?”
The old man sat in his holy Roman chair, a golden crucifix embedded in the marble,  flanked by his assistants.
“Too long your Holiness. Maybe 10 or 15 years.”
“Ah, yes, your last days in the Vatican.”
“Ancient history, your Holiness.”
“What is lost, is not forgotten, Director. I won’t lecture you today, What brings you to the Vatican.”
“I’ll get to that, but first please meet one of my proteges. Your Holiness, this is Kyle Brooks.”
The old man studied Brooks. He tried to clear his throat before he started coughing. One of his assistants was quick to refill his cup.
“It’s a pleasure your Holiness.” Brooks stood and bowed.
“I need to speak with Father Joseph.” The Director cut in.
“Oh, have you come demanding things from the church, Rick?”
The director sighed.
The pope shifted in his seat, bathing in the sunlight. “You shouldn’t even know about him, Rick. The fact that you would come all here just to ask me that.” He spat.
“I’m aware, your Holiness. That should tell you how serious I am.”
“Tsk. Tsk. Always meddling Rick, but I suppose. You’ll have 10 minutes.”
The Director stood to bow, “Thank you, your Holiness.”The pope stood up with a heavenly smite, “Don’t worry Director. You’ll pay me back.” The pope left the room with the help of his assistants.
A man in priest clothes stood in front of them as the pope left.
“Gentlemen, I am Monsignor Matthew, the pope’s assistant. If you’d please follow me.”
Together they walked through the seat of all things holy. The stained glass windows depicted the many stories of Christ. The windows illuminate the path bathing reality in rainbow light.
“Uh, Director, did I miss the part of you having a history at the Vatican?”  Brooks asked.
“Because it’s unimportant. We’re here for one reason and one reason only.”
“You should not be ashamed of your past Rick.” The Monsignor chimed in.
“You’re going to make me start drinking Matthew. I’m trying to contain myself out of respect.”
“Sins of the body, Rick.”
“Shut up.”
the Monsignor flashed a sly smile, the rainbow passing over his face.
They finally arrived at a guard shack built into a wall. To the side of the guard hut was one steel door. Locked tight, requiring a key card or a code.
The Swiss guard bowed to Matthew, “Monsignor.”
“Good afternoon. These two to Father Joseph.”
The guard started to work, typing furiously into his computer.
Matthew turned to the Director and Brooks, “Rick behave yourself in there. Last time we had to drag you out. You’re lucky the pope likes you. I wouldn’t let you step foot in the Vatican.”
The director waved off the Monsignor.
Matthew turned to leave, his ghost white hair fluttering behind him. “Nice to see you again, Rick. Don’t be a stranger.”
The guard popped out from the hut, and another took his seat. He handed them two badges that said “VISITOR” across it, complete with a photo.
“How’d you get my picture?” Brooks asked.
The guard didn’t speak. He walked to the door, entering in a code. He stood there like the door was watching him, before it opened. He bowed with his right arm tucked and left arm pointing inside.
Brooks and the director stepped inside. The door closed behind them.
“Director, what is this place?” Brooks asked. He moved around the never ending room, looking at anything and everything.
The director kept his steady pace forward, “A very old and a very dangerous place.”
Brooks, still looking around said, “That’s not an answer. Director, you’ve been ducking the hard question since we left the US. At least give me something.”
The director reached into his black suit pocket and produced a flask. He took a long drink, before saying anything. “Drink.”
Brooks stared at him in horror, “Sir! In the lord’s house.”
“Knock it off. There is no lord here. Only weak men hiding behind a veil.”
Brooks stood in place. They had walked deeper into the library than he had realized.
“Ok, no more director. What the fuck are we doing?” Brooks asked.
They had stopped in the middle of the library. It was open, a crossroads, each branching into different areas.
Brooks looked around, seeing old wooden desks praying amongst the literature. He stopped in front of a table to find a book. It was leather bound, tied together by some kind of hair? Brooks touched the book. His touch was assaulted by a rough surface, too hard for leather.
“Goddamn it, ok.” The director took another swig of his flask. “Have you ever heard about the Vatican’s library?”“The one with all the evil books and scripture? And stop touching shit. The last thing I need is them accusing the CIA of stealing from them again.”
The director started walking again, he tried to brush off a chill that shocked his body, he motioned for Brooks to follow. They turned a sharp right. The path continued forward, blood red rugs leading the way, drenched in candle light.
“The rumor is smoke. It’s true in the sense that it exists. It’s just separated. The one everyone knows and studies is filled with the stereotypical bull shit.”
The director kept walking as the walls around them began to change.
“What they keep in here is all the dirty secrets of the church. Their sins.”
“So, this Father Joseph is a sin?” Brooks asked.
“No. He’s just the keeper.”
They kept walking into the abyss.
“How big is this place?” Brooks asked.
“52 miles. Don’t worry, we’re almost where we need to be.” The director’s tone was cold.
“Kyle.” Someone whispered in Brooks ear. He whipped around looking for something, anything. He locked eyes with an all white mask.
The walls took in a deep breath, expelling a chill.
The mask was simple, elegant. It was made of porcelain, with red eyes. Brooks approached the mask, red streaks fell down its face. The mask’s mouth fell open in a quiet sob, its eyes drooping down. Brooks shook his head, and rubbed his eyes.
Brooks came to, with his hand in front of the mask, his longing hand determined to caress the poor soul's cheek.
When did the mask end up in front of him?
“Don't,” the director shouted from down the hall.
Brooks shook his head again, snapping back to reality with an “Ah!”
“Director!” Brooks yelled back, “You have to see this.”
“No,” The director yelled back, “Don’t fall for that bullshit.”
Brooks looked back to see a simple and elegant porcelain mask, unstained. The sound of the director’s footsteps trailing off in the distance.
Brooks took one last look at the ordinary mask before bounding off.
The route finally came to an end in a large open spaced church. Veins in the concrete spread out far and wide. Tattered old pieces of pews stood in rows. The rug had ended, now a separate rug, red with golden accents, led to the center of the room.
The rug ended in front of an altar. Behind the altar, was an abnormally large crucifix. It stood at least ten feet tall. As far as Brooks could tell, the director headed that way.
Christs’ eyes cast his approval down to the old man praying in front of him. Brooks followed, hearing a low, “thump”, throughout the room.
“Father.” The director addressed the man.
He didn’t reply, continuing his prayer.
The director tapped his foot impatiently. The tapping echoed throughout the barren church.
“Father.” The director said again.
“Father Joseph.” He said louder.
The man finally had enough, “Rick, you know better than to disturb me during my solitude.”
“I don’t have time for that today, Father.”
“Never.” Father Joseph replied.
He sat down on one of the pews to entertain his guests.
His beard draped down to his chest, his eyes were sunken.
“Then what do you have time for? If not to repent then what?” He asked.
“I need your assistance, unfortunately.”
“No.” The Father replied.
The director sighed, “You don’t have a choice on this one, President’s orders.”
“Then we must discuss the nature of your matter.”
“I don’t have time for that Father. Your boss gave me a time limit.
”“The folly of youth. Always too quick to act. This is why you couldn’t have taken my place.”
“Father.” The director narrowed his eyes.
“What did the pope say? Did you tell him about this matter?” Father Joseph asked.
“No.” The director replied flatly.
Father Joseph stroked his beard in thought, “You were right to come to me then.”
“Thank you. I think you get it now.”
“Yes, I do. One question though, *Director*.”
“What?”
“What need do you have for a faith you cast away? You don’t believe that things go bump in the night, you never have.”
“It’s not my call.” The director said through clenched teeth.
“I won’t rub this in your face, Rick. For whatever reason God has brought back to the light.”
“Ya, ya.”
“What do you require of me, my son?”
“Don’t call me that.” The director said. “I don’t need you anyway. I need one of your underlings.”
“A monster problem?” Father Joseph asked.
“No, an animal problem that people are convinced is a monster problem.”
“Ah, the lack of faith. Rearing its ugly head again.”
“Father.” The director pressed.
“Do not fear lost lamb, I have a man ready for you. He’s already in the US on other business.”
The director stood up, fists clenched, “Doing what?”
“The game of shadows, my boy. Christ shields us in light and in dark.”
The director just stared at the man, eyes empty. His ties dangled in front of him swinging like a pendulum.
“Have him contact HQ. Let’s go Brooks.”
The director started to walk off.
Brooks took a second, “I’m sorry Father Joseph. It was a pleasure to meet you.” Brooks bowed.
Father Joseph read his name tag, “Brooks. I see your boss has left you in the dark.”
“Not so much, as it’s a rapidly changing situation.”
Father Joseph reached into his pocket. He pulled out a gold ring.
“Here, for protection.”
“Protection from what?” Brooks asked. He used his peripheral vision to see that the Director had disappeared back into the abyss.
“Things go bump in the night. I’m the one who brings them to their knees. Monsters are real boys, never question that. If they weren't, the Vatican wouldn’t have a monster hunter division.”
Father Joseph smiled at him, “Now go my boy. He will leave you here with me. My solitude is mine alone not yours. Rick is the exception.”
Father Joseph gave him a light push, back into the unknown.
