Prologue
“Goddamn it, why am I out here?” The director asked.
“It’s important, sir. They wouldn’t have called you otherwise.”
The director sighed deeply, “This is on US soil. Why call me?”
The park ranger didn’t reply. He just kept walking.
The director impatiently followed. He was in his usual suit, hair slicked back, if nothing else he had the look of beaucrat.
 The director pulled a cigarette from his suit pocket. He lit it, taking in the darkening forest with a puff. 
“How long have you been in park service?” The director asked.
The ranger didn’t answer. He seemed content on keeping the uneasy silence much to the dismay of the director.
“I remember when I went federal.” The director began.
He tried to keep his dress shoes clean, sidestepping puddles and dodging mud patches.
“Shit,” He continued, “I was maybe 28, or 27. I’d had enough of the beat. The beat gave me the real perspective-“
The ranger cut him off, “Sir, with all due respect this is an active crime scene. The suspect is still on the loose, so if you could keep talking a minimum.”
“Fucking, park ranger.” The director muttered. 
He complied, smoking his cigarette along the way. Each drag seemed to pull the woods closer. Shadows in the dark looked like savage creatures, or savage mountain men lurking. 
Snap! Something broke in the distance.
The director dropped his cigarette, and reached for his hip. He squatted slightly, coming into a combat stance. 
The ranger just ahead of him had stopped in his tracks.
The director tried to read the increasing silence. 
“This is your ranger, what the fuck was that?”
“The Director of the CIA, scared of what goes bump in the night.” The ranger replied, retaking his pace. 
“Kid, you haven’t seen the shit I’ve seen in this world. I don’t trust the woods. Nothing but nefarious shit going on out here.”
“In my few years, director, I’ve never had any run ins with this ‘nefarious shit’ you’re talking about.”
“Hmpf” the director grunted. 
The walk continued for nearly three miles. The director shifted uncomfortably in his dress shoes. They weren’t made to trek through the bullshit known as a forest. 
“Ok,” The ranger finally spoke, “We’re here.”
They had arrived at an isolated camp site. A tent sat next to an extinguished fire. Behind the camp site sat a gorgeous view of the lake. 
The ranger walked over to the tent. He motioned for the director. 
The director walked up to see a giant gash on the side of the tent.
“It’s empty.” The director said, the gears of investigation turning in his head. 
“Ya, this way.” 
They walked to the edge of the lake.
The director gagged, almost losing his stomach.
“Jesus, fuck.” He exclaimed. “Warn me next time.”
The ranger was unbothered.
“As you can see Mr. Director, this is a massive problem.”
The bodies of the couple were strewn out across the beach. The man had his throat ripped out and an arm missing. The woman hadn’t faired much better. She was missing a leg and her stomach had been ripped open.
“Third time attack this year.”
“It’s only May.” The director replied.
“I’m aware sir. Let me explain this to you. This is the third attack in five months. Each murder more savage than the last.”
“Ya, but couldn’t it just be a bear?”
“No, sir. Bears don’t attack like this. The tent was sliced open. Look at the woman’s stomach.” The director wished he didn’t have to look again. “Look at the cut its, savage. Whatever it was wanted them dead. Look at his throat, it was ripped out.”
“Humans are weird. Don’t look harder than you need to. Some sick shit has gone on in these woods.” 
“Let me be blunt director, this wasn’t a man, or an animal.”
“Knock off the bullshit. This is just ploy isn’t it? To get more funding. In fact how the fuck did the president get pulled into this?” 
“I told them bringing you in was a waste of time.”
“You’re goddamn right it was. You brought me into the middle of bumfuck to show me a serial killer’s work.”
The ranger side. He took his hat off and ran his finger through his thick hair.
“With all due respect sir, fuck off.”
“Oh, ya mister big bad ranger.”
“Ya fuck you, Rick.”
“There it is!” The director exclaimed. 
“What?” The ranger asked intensely.
“This how you get me back, Jeff? All because I too some of your funding. Look at what you brought me out here to show me dead bodies. People die every day Jeff.”
Jeff had just about had it with the CIA and it’s shit. 
“Not like this, Rick, not in my parks.”
“Welcome to reality, Jeff. Now get me the fuck out kf here.” 
The helicopter took off, spewing dirt in every direction.
That asshole had proven to be nothing more than his usual asshole self. Being in the park service as long as Jeff had, you run into some peculiar people. Sometimes in the park itself, sometimes in a funding meeting. Funds that Jeff needed to keep his staff. It broke his heart when the CIA had scooped up whatever funding fell through the cracks.
Still, Jeff loved his job. Guys like, Rick were a necessary evil. 
Jeff didn’t think about it too much longer as he headed towards the ranger station. The night had kept its quiet. Jeff allowed the forest to swallow him as his mind began to wonder on his walk.
Three separate attacks in five months? Jeff had pulled every string he could find trying to bring attention to dying patrons of his park. Finally, after the recent murders, his calls were heard. His dismay when he found out who was coming was unimaginable. 
Jeff kept walking minding his business when he heard it again.
Snap!
A deep thud had followed. Jeff wasn’t a stranger to the hallucinations of night, but this was different. He couldn’t let Rick see his fear earlier.
He was shaking, reaching for his gun.
Snap! The heavy footfalls grew closer. Jeff drew his gun and prepared for a fight. 
Jeff positioned his flashlight under his pistol, taking large sweeping motions to cover as much space as possible.
Nothing.
Jeff could only hear his heart. 
The creature ripped his head off from behind. Jeff’s body fell lifeless. He died in the place he loved most, killed by the same nature he swore to protect.
