Chapter 1
“Johnson!” The name rang out through the team room. 
In the center of the room five men circled one. 
“Relax, Johnson, we’re just going to give you a massage.”
“Fuck you.” Johnson replied. “You’ll have to kill me before you tape me down.”
The men seemed energized by the challenge. 
The men moved in unison as Johnson tried to anticipate where the attack would come from. 
They were all dressed in uniform, minus the military issued blouse. 
“JOHNSON! GOD DAMN IT, KNOCK THIS SHIT OFF.” The booming voice thundered through the room. 
“Sarge, relax. We’re just issuing some punishment here.”
“Hmm.” The sergeant mused. “Not, yet. Don’t worry I’ll bring him back as soon as possible.” He smiled. “Maybe, I’ll even join.” The soldiers roared in agreement. 
The sergeant returned to the door and gestured for Johnson. 
“Sarge,” Johnson obliged, following him. “So what’s this about?”
“I don’t know. Some fucking guy in a suit showed up not too on ago asking for files on my soldiers.”
“You didn’t question him. Sarge, are you selling my personal information?”
“Yours?” The sergeant asked, “Fuck no. You’d net me a whole five dollars.”
“Is that all I’m worth, Sarge?” They both laughed. 
“So what I’m beating your ass for later?”
“I was late this morning. I was supposed to bring donuts.” 
The sergeant laughed, “Ok, Johnson, I’m gonna beat your ass.”
The building was old and decrepit. The military classic. Buy cheap land and expand. The entire base built in the middle of no where. 
The team room and building wasn’t much different. No frills, all business. 
Their boots squeaked against the freshly waxed floors. Along the wall were pictures of those in charge and those who came before.
Johnson looked around, admiring the pictures for the thousandth time. Each showing successful in the field proudly posing for the camera. The chain of command filled the walls too. Starting at the local command and ending at the president himself. 
They arrived at the captain’s office. 
The sergeant didn’t knock and barged into the office, “Cap!” He exclaimed, “I got our man and guess what?” He didn’t wait for the captain to answer, “Fucking guy was late and didn’t bring donuts.” 
“Goddamn it, Chad. What have I told you about knocking. You don’t know who is in here. What if it was your wife?”
“I’d probably go find your wife.” Chad shot back. 
“Touche.” The captain replied. 
He was leaning back in his seat, uniform immaculate. 
“Johnson.”
“Sir!”
“This here is Mr. Brooks. He works for the CIA.”
Johnson just started at his captain. Mr. Brooks stared at him.
“Quit being weird Johnson, shake the man’s hand.” 
Johnson obliged. 
“Pleasure to meet you, James.”
“Likewise.”
“I’ve been speaking to your captain here and I think you’re perfect for what I’m building.” 
Johnson looked back and forth between the captain and the sergeant. “Uh,” He started, “I hate to burst someone’s bubble, but I’m good. I have no intention of joining the CIA.”
“Too late.” The captain said. “You’ve been apart of the CIA since you joined special forces.”
Mr. Brooks shrugged, offering no explanation. 
“Can you at least explain to me, Mr. Brooks?” Johnson asked. 
“No. Not here. It’s classified even beyond your admiral captain here.”
“Big fucking deal apparently, but so is everything with you CIA type.” The captain mocked. 
“Thank you, Captain.” Mr. Brooks replied. 
Mr. Brooks stood up. He straightened his suit jacket, “I’ll see you in a couple of weeks, James.” He extended his hand and they shook hands once again.
Mr. Brooks left the room, a cologne trail following him out. 
“So, uh, Cap, I’m good right?” 
“Yes, Johnson you are. Now pack your shit, there’s a plane waiting for you already. You have five hours.”
