Chapter 3
The news camera blinded Frank as he walked on stage, taking his place behind the sheriff. He raised a hand to shield his eyes, covering the back of the room.
“Good Evening, everyone. I’m sure all of you are surprised for sudden meeting. I can a sure all of you that there is no immediate danger to the public.” The sheriff announced.
The room erupted in an outrage. Fingers shot accusations around the room. a skinny man to the right side of the room spoke up.
“Sheriff!” He boomed, quieting the wail of unease.
The man continued, “I’ve been telling you for months now that something has been attacking the animals.”
The sheriff didn’t miss a beat, “I understand Mr. Anderson and like I told you last time, a couple of unrelated dead livestock is not cause for concern.”
The sheriff continue before Mr. Anderson could form a rebuttal, “Let’s keep the questions for the end.” The sheriff cleared his throat, “As of today we confirmed three isolated attacks in the surrounding forest. There have been no survivors and we’re looking at 6 bodies.”
a loud, “What!” Erupted from a small lady sitting in the middle of the middle of the room. The sheriff could barely see her over the mess of people.
Murmurs broke out across the room. Each person immediately drawing conclusions with their neighbors. “Here to ease your minds, is the lead investigator.” The sheriff shot his back pointing at Frank, “Detective Stillwell.”
The sheriff relinquished his spot, the eyes of contempt turning for him next.
“Good Evening, everyone,” Frank mumbled leaning forward into the mic. He fidgeted around looking at the faces of each person.
Frank continued, “As the sheriff said there is no danger to the general public. It looks like we’re dealing with are isolated events, or the off chance of a serial killer.”
One collective gasp, suck the air out of the room.
A man in the back spoke out, “How long!? How long have people been dying out there!?”
Another lady in the front tried to quiet the man, “Arch, you stop that. Let the man finish.”
The man shot back, “No, Suzie. We’re talking about dead bodies, I will not be left in the dark.”
The sheriff appeared behind Frank, attempting to calm the crowd, “Ladies and gentlemen, please relax. I’m not happy about this either, but please be patient.” The sheriff tipped his hat at Frank.
“Thank you, Sheriff Collins. My team and I have been scouring the forests for any evidence. So far, we no suspect, or any evidence to link the murders. We advise everyone be at home by nine’o clock for your own safety. ”
“So we should hide? While our town gets picked apart. You haven’t named any of the dead yet.” Came from the left side of the room.
Frank could see what he had blocked out now. In the back left of the room stood a women with two kids. They wore forest green shirts with red lettering “Where Is Jeff?”
“We’re still working to identify them.”
“Frank.” A portly yelled tersely, “I think I speak for all of us.”
“Ya!” came from multiple places around the small theater.
“We would like some actual information. Why is this just coming out, Frank?”
“Mr. Long how many times do I need to remind you, it’s Detective Stillwell.”
“Uh huh.” The man responded.
“First, Mr. Long, the Lolo forest is federally protected. We don’t have jurisdiction.”
“That’s it?” Mr. Long spit into his water bottle.
“Mr. Long, it’s an active investigation and we’re waiting for the National Forest Service.”
“Did you not call them when a ranger went missing?” Mr. Long pointed to the grieving family.
Frank pulled at his collar, trying to get some air flow, “Any other questions, Mr. Long?”
“No, Frank. I just hope you get it together before we’re murder in our homes.” Mr. Long walked away emboldened by a chorus of cheers.
“Detective Stillwell,” a a young lady called out.
“Yes, mam.” He didn’t know her personally but she didn’t fit the bill for the middle of Montana. The college brought in all types of people out of the woodwork.
“If you’re being held back by red tape, who is protecting the city?”
“Us, of course. This is our town, up until the forest.”
The young girl smirked slightly, “So if I wander too close to woods and disappear, I am to become lifeless body number 7? Or forgotten about like our dear forest ranger?”
“Uh, listen here you fu-.”
“Thank you ladies and gentlemen, keep your doors locked. Good night everyone.” The sheriff rushed in.
The sheriff rapidly ushered Frank off stage and into the back.
“What the fuck was that, Frank?” The sheriff demanded
“I fucking told you, John don’t put me out there.”
“You were supposed to keep the veil not cause civil fucking unrest.” John was pacing around. He kept muttering, “goddamn it.”
“Did you want me to lie to them?” Frank asked.
“Yes.”
“Goddamn it, John. We can’t this from them forever. They are going to figure out, that what’s killing these people isn’t normal.”
“All you had to do was tell them you’re working on it. That’s all under control. Not that we can’t even work on the fucking murders, BECAUSE IT’S ON FEDERAL LAND.”
“Don’t fucking yell at me, John. Are you forgetting we’re in this together?”
“Ah, goddamn it, Frank. I don’t have a choice anymore.”
“What does that mean?”
John sighed, “It’s the mayor. He’s making me take it federal. The FBI is gonna be here within the week. All you needed to do was keep them calm until the feds get here.”
“Why wouldn’t you tell me before the goddamn press conference?”
“Because, the mayor told me before. That was the whole purpose of the press conference.”
“Wouldn’t have been easier to fucking tell them that?”
“No, Frank. Think big. We need people out of the forest. Keep them scared, keep them away. Last thing we need is more media attention. This goddamn ranger is bringing too many eyes.”
Frank contemplated for a moment, “Fine.” Frank rolled his eyes.
John stepped forward, face to face with Frank, “You’re not the only one in this Frank AND you got the easy gig this time around. You don’t have to be the face of this god forsaken place.”
“How long?” Frank asked.
“A couple weeks, at most. Maybe less depending on the feds. You need to get that artifact before this shit falls out. You’ve been given the green light. Do what you have to do.”
“Ok, John. Just don’t ask me to do anymore press conferences.” Frank poked John in the chest. “I can’t tolerate this fucking town anymore.”
