Unnamed Story

Prologue

“Look father, I’ll be honest. I don’t believe in any of this bullshit.” The man rubbed his hand against his stubbled face.

The priest shifted in his chair, “I’m sure you don't. I find that not everyone can adjust to their reality.”

“Hmpf.” The man let out, “Ya, ya. Whatever. The only reason I’m even entertaining this bullshit is because I don’t have a choice.” He sipped his whiskey.

“I think you’ll find, Mr. Director, that reality is often weirder than fiction.”

“Sure, father. Let’s get to the point of this. What do you need? I’ve been given a blank check just for this.”

“For you take the cross, Mr. Director.”
He laughed, “Fat chance.”

The priest shrugged, “Worth a shot.” He thought for a second.

“If our resources are truly unlimited like you say…”

“Yes.”

“Organizations die without proper logistics, so that first. Then, hmmmmmmm, a science team. Not just a normal science team either, no I need some of the best minds America can offer.”

The director laughed, “Of course, let me just pull them out of the basement. Continue.”

“I need protection as well. Special forces. Those green berets or the seals.”

“Ok. ok, let’s slow down father. Ok broad strokes here, one and three are easy. You have the US military at your disposal. We’ll get you set up soon with an office and a staff. I can’t for the life of me though, understand why you would need a science team? Don’t the whole religion and science thing clash.”

“Mr. Director, just because I am a man of God, does not mean I am not a man of logic. I can’t phone God for his detailed analysis of his structures.”

“Uh, I guess. Crock of shit really, but whatever, not my money.” The director took a drag of his cigar.

He grabbed his paper and organized them into the manilla folder. He finished his drink.

“Well, father, it’s been a pleasure.” He extended his hand to the priest.

The priest grabbed his hand. Instead of shaking it, he closed his eyes and said a prayer.

“Stop, damn it.” The director wretched his hand from the priest.

“Amen.” The priest whispered.

The director ushered the priest out of his office.

As the young priest exited his office, his phone rang. He looked down at the caller id.

“Fuck.” He muttered.

“Mr. President.”

“Director Burch, I trust the meeting went well.”

“Yes, sir, of course. We’ve had the groundwork laid as we speak.”

“Excellent. Director, what are you calling this group?”

It was a question he had put off all weekend. Since the inception of this whole fucking sharade, he reluctantly answered, “Task Force Crpytid.”



Chapter 1

“Johnson!” The sergeant roared.

“Johnson! Goddamn it, Johnson!”

Johnson came rushing through the door, “Here!”

“Mhm, late on the first day. It’s my fucking lucky day. You hear that boys?”

The sergeant and Johnson’s peers suddenly enclosed him. Before he could act, he was saved.

Bursting through the door came an officer. The room shot to attention.

The grizzled officer took in the room. He scanned the room, looking at the group of misfits. One was a desk, still holding duct tape at attention. The rest of the room, the soldiers were taking off their military blouses, or preparing to pounce.

“At ease.” The room let out a breath and returned to their normal.

The sergeant scurried to the officer, “Sir!”

“Morning, Sergeant.”

“What do you want, sir?” He chuckled.

“I’m looking for a Johnson.”

“Johnson!” The room bellowed. “Boot’s late on his first day. You just saved his ass.”

“Here!” Johnson rushed up again.

The officer smiled, “Don’t worry sergeant. I should have him back before lunch.”

“Come with me.” The officer opened the door for him. They began to walk back down the hallway.

The building was like most military buildings. Old and decrepit. There was no amount of elbow grease that could get the old out, Johnson knew first hand.

“Sergeant Johnson. Fresh out too. Bad day to be late.”

“I know sir.”
“Late night?” The officer asked.

“Ya, something like that.”

“Ah, Johnson don’t bullshit me. Getting into some shit is a part of being young. Next time we hit the bar I’ll tell you some shit.”

“What’s this about anyway, sir?”

“I don’t know actually. Something higher up. I don’t know, all I know is some dude in a suite showed up early this morning. He’s been with the base CO since.”
“Should I be worried, sir?”

“Uh, besides what they might do to you later, no.”

“Well fuck, this can’t be good, sir.”

“Eh, probably just welcoming you to the community. Look he might fuck with you, don’t believe him. He might pull up a picture of his daughter and asked if you fucked her. Don’t answer it. You’ve never seen her or met her. Even if you have.”

Johnson sighed. What the fuck was it now?
