James drove slowly through the town. As he drove, he looked around allowing his quiet surroundings to make themselves known.
James pulled out a small note pad as he waited a red light. He parsed his mind, letting the seconds of red tick. He noted what he had seen and anything he would consider significant.
A horn behind James pulled him from his visualization. He looked down as he drove to see the detailed map of the town he had been creating since he arrived.
The town though small, was packed this time of year. The idyllic river that flowed life into the town, brought crowds of guests as well.
The town was built around the river, it flowed through the town. Passengers on it’s violent cycle. In the spring, the snows of winter melted into the river enraging it. The river would lash out, fast and brutal, flooding the lively banks. The summer sun brought peace to the land, calming the river. In return the river shallowed allowing passage with a gentle stream.
James pulled up to the Sheriff’s office, it stood guard over the river. James parked in the and addressed his surroundings. He saw a four door sedan to be the only car lounging in the parking. He looked left. Look right. He used the mirrors to check his rear view.
Seeing the coast was clear, James opened the flip phone he was give. He opened the relic and pushed 1.
“Hello.” A gravely voice answered almost immediately. “It’s Johnson, I’m in position.”“Good,” The voice replied, “The rest of the team and I will be there sometime this week. How’s the scouting.
“Mostly done in town sir. It’s a quite place, too quite. Something feels off. I can’t place my finger on it.”
“Hmpf.” A grunt came from the phone. “Keep your guard up.”“Copy.” James moved to close the phone.
The voice reached out before he could, “Johnson.”“Ya?”
“Keep your eyes on the detective. Take him with you to the forest.”
“Anything else, sir?” James asked.
“No, over and out.” The line went dead.
James stepped out of the SUV. He looked back over his shoulder again. Nothing. He touched his hip, letting the metal ease his mind.
The sheriff’s office was older. The inside matched the outside. James’ boots echoed off the white green tiles.
The wooden secretaries desk stood in the middle of the office, a splintered mess of red.  The desk was empty leaving a phantom secretary to pencil him in.
James saw the visitor check and studied the paper. The last entry was from three years ago. James pulled out his notepad.
“You must be Special Agent Johnson.” Someone boomed behind him.
James didn’t break his concentration, finishing his observation.
The man was in his sheriff’s outfit, a gold star popping out of the mundane sheriff brown color of his uniform.
“Special Agent James Johnson.”
“Sheriff John Collins.” The two shook hands.
“Sorry about that.” Collins said. “She’s on the younger side and it’s been slow, so we let the secretary take extra days off to enjoy the summer. Youth only lasts so long.” He turned walking back from where he came.
James followed. He noted the various pictures over the years. Many generations of sheriffs and deputies. Gargantuan bucs spread out with one, two, or multiple people in frame crowding the trophy.
“How long have you been Sheriff?” James asked.
“Oh not too long. I finally decided to do something about this place.” He opened the door to his office, revealing a small room. It was too packed for any decorations. Two chairs sat in front of the sheriffs desk. James took a seat. The sheriff’s desk was full of clutter and papers. To left of his desk stood more stacks of paper.
“So, you were law enforcement prior to becoming sheriff?”“Something like that.” The sheriff replied, “You’re not here for little old me. You’re here to help me put a stop to these damn murders.”
“Ideally sheriff, but I do have some questions. I hope you understand.”
“Of course, special agent. Of course, but I do have a busy day ahead of me. Let’s not waste anymore time, we have a lot of ground to cover.”

“You an outdoorsman, Agent Johnson?”
“Something like that.” Johnson replied keep his eyes hooded.
“This time of year is fly fishing season. We should get out there one day, while the summer is still young.”
“Maybe. Where are we going sheriff?”
“To the first attack location. The bodies are gone but the scene has been untouched by my deputies.”
“How many attacked in total?” James asked.
“3 technically 4, but the we’re not sure about the fourth.”
The sheriff’s truck settled into a picturesque camp site.
“We’re here.”
“Sheriff.” James said.
“Yes?”
“I was told to expect a detective.”“He’ll meet us up here just around the bend.”
The two departed carefully walking around the campsite.
James noted what looked like drag marks still intact despite the rapidly changing environment. Next to the clearing were communal bathrooms complete with showers. He looked as hard as he could, making out…..footprints?
James broke off as the sheriff rambled about himself and the town. He squatted down to get a better look at the footprint. It was more of paw print. From where he was working the outside of the campsite, the print looked small. In front of it James hovered his hand over the print for scale. There were three or four pads, whatever it was it must have been heavy. James looked that print seeing what looked like human toes? Attached to the massive paw.
“Agent Johnson!” The sheriff yelled for him.
“One sec.”
James pulled out his phone and snapped as many pictures as he could. The sheriff was walking back, James did his best to anticipate when he’d arrive. Each twig snapping, advancing the timer.
“Something catch your eye agent?”
James quickly covered the print with dirt.
“Did you guys examine the crime scene?”
“Unfortunately, we didn’t have time or the bodies to carryout a full investigation.”
James nodded his head and the sheriff continued his path.
Something cawed off to the side, pulling James’ attention. Following the source, James could see stains on the surrounding trees. James reached for his hip.
Up a head the trees cleared to an opening. Running water broke through the trees, guiding the two men forward.
In the clearing was another man. He was dressed in a flannel with some jeans, hair short.
“Sheriff.” He called.
“Agent Johnson this is Detective Stillwell.”
“Pleasure.” Frank said extending his hand.
“Likewise.”
“Good timing too.” The detective smiled. “He squatted down pointing something that cleared the rocky beach.
It looked like something large had been drug into the river.
“What do you think detective” The sheriff asked.
“Looks like someone dragged the bodies into the river.”
“Looks like you won’t be here very long agent. I think we know the culprit.” The sheriff smiled.
“Maybe.” James replied. “I need to see more.”
“Nonsense.” The sheriff clapped his hands, “Once you sit down and read our report, I think we’ll both agree.”
James looked at both men. Their smiles widening, the gold blinding now as the sun passed over them.
James backed up a little bit, happy the two men were in front of him. He still made sure his back was to a tree at least.
“That won’t be necessary at this time sheriff. I’m the field man. I’ll draw my own conclusions and compare.”“Ok, ok. I’m not here to tell you what to do, special agent. Let’s go Frank.”
Frank rose to his feet, taller than James expected.
“No. I’d like the detective to join my today.”
“Why?” Frank asked.
“I’d like to pick your brain about a couple of things.”
The sheriff and the detective glanced each other.
“Of course.” The sheriff replied, “Just let me borrow my detective for a moment.”
The two walked back towards the campsite.
James took the moment to glance at the “drag marks”.
It was a smooth drag, no indentions in the dirt implying someone stopped to rest and let the body lie flat. Working the riverbank, there were little to no other tracks. No footprints or massive paw prints.