Dave eventually relented, closing his eyes. The ride was long, each bump of the dangerous county road mish mashing his jaw as the car bounced. He felt Jennifer squirm on top of him.
“Baby, just be calm. Please. I’ll get us out of this I promise.” He offered to her.
“God damn it, Dave. Just you fucking wait.” Frank threatened.
A muffled scream vibrated against Dave’s back.
The car finally stopped. Dave could only see the car door in front of him, but he heard the driver side door open and close. Without warning, the door was ripped open and another man ripped Dave from the car. Jennifer following him soon after, both of them thrown on top of each other.
“Frank, why the fuck did you drag me out here?”
Dave tried once again to scream out hearing Frank’s name.
“John they didn’t know who I was.” Frank said.
“Fuck you.” John responded. “Grab the pig.” He said hauling Jennifer over his shoulder.  Frank threw Dave over his shoulder.
Dave kicked as hard as he could. He thrashed around violently. All of his air left his chest as he was slammed on the ground.
Frank squatted over him and pulled up his ski mask, “All you had to do was call me, Detective Stillwell. But no, Dave. You just had to mock me in front of everyone. Now look at you’re making me do Dave.” He grabbed Dave’s arms and dragged him slowly on the earth.
The barn door was already open. Jennifer was sitting on the floor, eyes wide with terror as she looked the sheriff in his eyes.
“You know, Frank, I’m real fucking tired of working with you. Brooks gave YOU the blacklight, but here we are again, fucking murdering people.”
Frank dragged Dave next to his wife. “Oh, too good for the killing people now? That never stopped you in Afghanistan.”
John sighed, “What’s the plan.”
“Frame the Longs, or just Dave. Classic murder suicide, but I need help dragging all these goddamn bodies in here.”
John grabbed a near by wheel barrow, “Hurry up. I want to get some fucking sleep. I have to meet the god damn agent in charge tomorrow.”
