Chapter 9
Frank screwed on the silencer, making sure it was tight. It screwed on without protest and he moved to the assault rifle laying next to him. He pulled down his ski mask.
The house was lonely, closer to town, but still in the sticks. Two cars rested in the driveway.
Frank surveyed the house from his car. He wrote on a notepad, “Front door, no camera. Side of the house, no camera. Lights off. 2 cars, husband and wife. Kids out for the summer.”
He exited his vehicle, careful to keep his silence. Walking up to the fence, Frank looked over.
“No dog outside. One camera pointing to the backyard. Hard entry, not impossible.” He wrote.
Carefully, he grabbed the edge of the fence and hauled himself over with a “Hmpf.” He landed on his feet slowly.
Frank waited a second aiming his shot.
The camera exploded seconds later. Frank quickly found his shell casing, putting the hot piece of metal in his pocket. He wiggled the handle. The door knob stood fast.
Frank reached into his pocket, producing a small black zip up pouch. Reaching in the pouch, he pulled out a hook, a rake, and a turning tool. Turning the lock around until he heard the click of success.
Franked opened the door and crept inside. The house was as silent as the surrounding forest. A modest normal house for the area, the outside matched the inside.
Frank fastened his night vision googles on and stepped up the stairs to the second floor. The master bedroom held two sleeping bodies on a king sized bed.
The lights came to life, “Get the fuck up!” Frank commanded.
“Hey, what the fuc-” The butt of the assault rifle slammed into the man’s mouth.
“Arg, fuck!” He exclaimed grabbing his dangling jaw.
Frank rest the gun against his shoulder, the barrel pointed forwards. “Ok, here’s how we’re gonna do this.” He started, “You,” he pointed to the man, “get some rope, or a belt.”
The man complied staggering over to his closet. He dug through some of their bags int he closet.
“Hey!” Frank yelled, “Quit touching shit. Two belts, hurry the fuck up, I’d hate to have make this worse than it has to be.”
The man walked out of the large walk in closet with his two belts. The man was loosely dressed only in his boxers.
“Tie her hands together.” Frank commanded.
The woman was small, in a simple white night gown. Now aged, she was shaking.
“It’s ok my love. Just do as he says.” The man reassured her fastening the belt around her wrists.
“Turn around.” Frank said.
The man turned. Deftly the man produced a pistol and rolled to his side.
Frank sighed, “Why?” Before the man could gather his wits, Frank shot the man in his knee.
“AHHHHHH!” He screamed.
“See god damn it. Why must you make me do this. Just be easy.” Frank replied.
“Fuck you, you fucking piece of shit. I’ll fucking kill you.”
“Ya, ya. Shut up already, Dave, before I gag you. Now turn over already, we have somewhere to be.”
Dave kept his defiance, staring down Frank. Frank punched the man is his already bleeding mouth. He pulled out his pistol and knocked him over the head with it, “You just have to make this impossible, don’t you?”
Frank went back into the closet and came out with 2 more belts. He flipped the man over, rubbing the blood off his hands and back on Dave’s bare back. He tied the belt around Dave’s feet. He grabbed the mumbling woman and did the same. “Now, be good hostages.” He grabbed Dave by his arm. “You first, fatty.” He dragged the man back outside to his car.
“Leave Jennifer alone. I don’t know what you want but she deserves better.” Dave said.
“Ya, Dave, I don’t what the fuck you are saying. Sorry about that.” Frank opened the back door and threw Dave in. He disappeared back into the house, leaving Dave alone. He squirmed, trying to make the belt unfasten. He struggled again, he could feel the pin coming loose.
Again.
Again.
Dave felt the belt around his legs loosen. He started to kick his feet, before he heard the door open. A body landed on top of him. He knew who it was but all that came was muffled.
“Oh? Trying to break out, are we?” Dave felt the belt fasten, tighter than last time.
Dave eventually relented, closing his eyes. The ride was long, each bump of the dangerous county road mish mashing his jaw as the car bounced. He felt Jennifer squirm on top of him.
“Baby, just be calm. Please. I’ll get us out of this I promise.” He offered to her.
“God damn it, Dave. Just you fucking wait.” Frank threatened.
A muffled scream vibrated against Dave’s back.
The car finally stopped. Dave could only see the car door in front of him, but he heard the driver side door open and close. Without warning, the door was ripped open and another man ripped Dave from the car. Jennifer following him soon after, both of them thrown on top of each other.
“Frank, why the fuck did you drag me out here?”
Dave tried once again to scream out hearing Frank’s name.
“John they didn’t know who I was.” Frank said.
“Fuck you.” John responded. “Grab the pig.” He said hauling Jennifer over his shoulder.  Frank threw Dave over his shoulder.
Dave kicked as hard as he could. He thrashed around violently. All of his air left his chest as he was slammed on the ground.
Frank squatted over him and pulled up his ski mask, “All you had to do was call me, Detective Stillwell. But no, Dave. You just had to mock me in front of everyone. Now look at you’re making me do Dave.” He grabbed Dave’s arms and dragged him slowly on the earth.
The barn door was already open. Jennifer was sitting on the floor, eyes wide as she locked eyes with the sheriff.
Frank dragged Dave in, placing him next to Jennifer. Her mouth moved trying to spit out her gag. Dave was just staring at Frank.
John sighed, “Alright, how are we doing this?” John asked.
“Grab the shotgun and the bodies. We gotta make it look like struggle. You have your piece?”
“Of course.” John handed over his pistol.
John left the barn with gunshots blasting off. He grabbed the shotgun and grabbed the body of Carl by his remaining hand. Dragging Carl’s body to the doorway, he want back for the sliced off arm.
John braced, grabbing the corpse under his shoulders.
“I got the woman.” Frank said jogging by.
John threw the one armed body into the wheel barrow, “Hurry up. I want to sleep.”
Frank was carrying the woman’s body in his arms, “You’re a pussy these days, you know that?”
John only watched as Frank dumped the woman’s body in the wheel barrow.
“I’m a pussy? I’m surprised you even did this, you’ve been shitting yourself about this fucking ‘werewolf’.”
“Because it’s real, John.” Frank looked both ways, “What if it’s true?”
The barn door now had several bulled sized holes.
“What if what’s true? It’s a rock, Frank.”
Frank narrowed his eyes at John.
They opened the door to gurgling and that look of fear.
John grabbed the shotgun. He aimed at the opposite wall and fired. The gun kicked wildly pushing back into John.
The booming continued as he fired off three more shots. He aimed the barrel at Carl’s sprawled corpse.
The body exploded into a mist of red, showering the hay around him. John continued, shooting the cows bodies.
He walked to Dave. He checked the gun and made sure it was empty. He unbound Dave’s hands and pushed the gun into his hands, “Don’t let go. I don’t want to hurt her more than I have to.”
Behind them Frank had his pistol aimed at Dave, the threat of silence extending the gun’s barrel.
John grabbed Mrs. Anderson’s body and laid her down in the back of the barn by the bodies of the cows.
“Knife.” He called back. Frank threw a silver object that reflected off the moonlight. John sliced open a cow and slit the woman’s throat, placing the knife in her hand.
“Uh, what’s that?” Frank asked.
“A reason to kill the cows. These two” He pointed to their prisoners “appeared to find the serial killers.”
“Uh, I’m not sure that’s gonna get past the FBI.”
“It’s three in the morning, Frank.”
“I guess we gotta get here early then, get these bodies in the river, or something.”
John scowled. He grabbed his gun.
The shot resonated through the barn. Jennifer screamed so hard the gag released.
A shriek roared through the barn.
A hole appeared in the middle of her head, and it fell forward. The smoke was still spilling out of the extended barrel.
“You get to explain the bullet holes and lack of guns.” John said, walking past him.
“See you tomorrow.” Frank said cheerfully.
John mumbled under his breath.
A thundering howl pierce the sky.
Frank sprinted past John and into John’s car.
“Motherfucker, we’re next to the forest, there are wolves. Uh, fucking guy.”
