Chapter 1

The Champ

Chapter 1

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. 

My heart races. I can feel the speed picking up. The path ahead is dark, surrounded by thousands of fans. Each beat of my heart seems to turn the volume up on the already deafening arena. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. 

The music starts playing. My music. Surrounded by some of the best people I’ve ever met. My friends. My family. My corner. Through thick and thin they’ve been with me, and through thick and thin they stay with me. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. 

My nerves calm. The arena empties. Nothing and nobody. I take my first step towards a new destiny. One more fight and all I’ve worked for is complete. 

Thump. Thump. 

One more fight, one more man. So many times, I’ve seen this moment in my dreams. Replayed over and over again. I can hear Bruce now, “and the NEEEEEEW UFC champion of the world”.

Thump.

The further down the path I go, the more I feel alive. I can feel the real me rising to the surface. Strong, determined, unbreakable. Suddenly every piece of bullshit was worth it. The long hungry nights, the grueling training, the fights with my girl. After tonight it’d all be worth it. 

Thump. 

I’m alive. I’m on fire. The world is my enemy, fuck’em all. Standing in the octagon, I look my opponent in the eyes for the first time. The real him, not the showman. He’s like me. I see the same determination I feel, the same hunger. I’m supposed to take it all from him. All MMA fighters are like me. I’m his next obstacle. Together we’re alone in these twenty-five minutes of entertainment, doing a song and dance of brutal violence. But fuck the crowd, fuck Dana, fuck the shareholders. This isn’t about them. It’s about me. No matter what, tonight I’m taking home that gold. 

Thump. 

One final calm heartbeat. Introductions done. The cage closed. Me and the champion. The bell rings. My emotions flow through me, empowering me. I rush to meet my opponent in the middle of the octagon and change history.

Chapter 2

I feel like I was in car crash. Every piece of my body hurts. My head especially. It feels like I’m having an awful hangover, and then someone smashed my face in. 

I can barely see out of my right eye. It’s swollen shut. I’m still exhausted from the fight last night. The thought of moving makes my limbs ache. 

I’m not ready to face the world yet. The shame I feel is overbearing. It pins me to the bed. I feel like I let everyone down. We went through hell together, just for me to fuck it up. 

The bed is empty. I’m assuming my girl left. The reality: she was never my girl. She saw where I was headed and decided she wanted a piece. Fuck her. There will be more, there’s always more. Girls come and go, but that’s just the lifestyle when you’re one of the world’s best up and coming fighters. 

I turn over, rolling off my stomach and onto my back. With every movement my ribs flare up in excruciating pain. The silence in the room is killing me. Forcing me to look inward, at all these emotions welling up inside of me. If I sit too long, they’ll consume. I can’t let that happen. I have a mountain to get back to the top of. 

As if reading my mind, my phone rings. I quickly reach to silence the damned thing. The sound punctures my eardrums, vibrating through my skull, sending waves of sharp pain through my brain. 

I don’t look at whose calling, I just grab the phone and answer. “H-hello.” My voice is soft and low. I sound like a mouse, a sharp contrast from my usual loud and boisterous voice. 

“HEY, champ!” A booming voice thunders over the phone. Of course, splitting my brain down the middle. 

“Hey, coach. Not so loud man, you nearly ruptured my fucking ear drum.” 

“Sorry about that champ.”

“And stop calling me champ. I don’t deserve that title.” 

“I call everyone champ, get over it. Pussy.” He chuckles at his quick jab. 

Sensing my agitation, he quickly walks it back, “I’m just teasing bud. Don’t get your panties in a bunch. You got your ass beat it happens.” 

“Ya, I guess. Never thought it’d happen to me. Oh, and Nicole left.”

“I told you ya, dumbass. She was never any good. Well just checking in on you champ. Take the week off rest. I’ll see next week.” On que he hung up. A real man’s man, this was his way of saying he cared. 

At least I got paid. A mil to show, plus the hundred thousand for getting my ass whooped, or fight of the night bonus. All I wanted to do now was crawl into a hole and die. 

Chapter 3

The week came and went. It felt like a patch of nothingness, as I fell deep inside myself. The fire that usually pushed me through every battle of my life had dimmed. I lost a piece of myself that night in the octagon. He was so much better than me, it was like all the years of training had been for nothing. 

Not to mention my ever-troubling love life. Another day another woman. These women were all very understanding, we both knew what it was from the start. No feelings, no pain. Not that I could feel hurt any more. I stupidly believed that Nicole was the one. Marriage, kids, white picket fence, the whole nine. 

The physical pain had mostly subsided, but the emotional devastation was still there. No more bitching, no more sitting, it was time to get to work. Looking for that fire that had pushed me so far, I couldn’t find it. Only a dim flicker of passion that went out, becoming an ember. 

I forced my way out of bed. I winched instinctively, but no pain came. My body didn’t convulse and knees didn’t buckle. Rising to my feet, I took in the scene around me. The master bedroom, my room, was massive. Mostly barren, as I never took the time to get anything more than a mattress, TV, and a dresser. The white walls peered back at, mimicking an asylum. The eyes in the walls judged me harshly, seeing a shell of a man. I needed to get out of this fucking house. 

Pushing past the intense negative emotions, I made my way to bathroom. Clothes littered on the floor, and hard water stains caked the glass door of the shower, the metal faucets, and the mirror. 

Ugh, I felt like shit. I pushed through the never-ending piles of clothes and made my way to the sink. I let water run hot. Splashing the water on my face, the burn felt good. It cut through the numbness, making my body warm. I couldn’t face myself. Not yet. 

I turned the shower to scalding and allowed it to heat up. This place was a mess I told the cleaning ladies to take the week off too, as I’d be at home more than usual. Plus, I welcomed the momentary peace. 

Now, peace has become my worst enemy. Driving me towards madness. 

No more thinking, I told myself. The bathroom had begun to fog in response to the blazing water. I stepped in and allowed its warmth to consume me. It enveloped me, warm and welcoming, offering a brief reprieve from my emotional turmoil. 

Brief was all it was. The depression that I was trying so hard to ignore came roaring to life. Like a lion stalking its prey, the feeling took its time with me. The longer the water burned my skin, the closer it came. Waiting for its moment to strike. I quickly washed my body and turned off the shower. 

My attempts to keep the existential dread failed, miserably. Quick like a heart attack, my emotions flowed over. A rapid river fueled by my hate, my anger, my sadness. It swept through every fiber of my being. 

I found myself in a puddle on the floor, my tears streaming. My episode went just as fast as it came. I wiped the fog from the mirror and the man looking back at me was a stranger. My hair was still short; I always got a haircut before a fight. Beard scruffy and scraggly, an untamed mess of wilderness beginning to form. My eyes are sunken in, no light in my irises. I’d eaten like shit the last week, paired with a heavy dose of drugs and alcohol. The result was a gut with abs. Disgusting. Hopefully that will be motivation enough. 

Chapter 4

Thump. 

The familiar beat of my heart was loud in my ears. So loud, I couldn’t hear the car honk behind me. How long was I sitting at this light? I was late for training. Unusually late. Almost an hour behind, I could still feel the effects of last night’s bender. Probably just another shitty, hungover morning is all. 

Thump. Thump. 

My heart was picking up pace, beating faster. It was like fight night all over again, but in reverse. I’d never felt my nerves pick up heading into anything. I always worry before, so I’ll be perfect in the moment. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. 

My normal ten-minute commute had felt like hours, but I was finally home. Back to where it all began. This is where I would rebuild myself. I will be a champion one day. But why is it so hard to breathe? 

I didn’t have time to really internalize that right now. I was already late. 

I opened the door to see that training was already in full swing. I rushed to put down my gym bag and get on the mats. 

“Look who finally showed up.” I heard someone bellow from across the gym. None other than my best friend. Johnny Law, that wasn’t his name, but I never called him anything else. 

To make matters worse, others chimed in. 

“This fucking guy. One title shot and he’s big shit.” 

“Finally come to pay your pound of flesh party boy?”

My coach found me. 

“Chucky what the fuck?” 

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump.

“You fucking reek- “I couldn’t hear him anymore. The pulsing of my heart was too loud for outside noise. 

I could see my coach looking at me weirdly. He was short like five-six or shorter. Greying hair, a mustache, brown eyes, and for a man his age was still in great shape. 

He touched my shoulder trying to get my attention. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump.

My mind was racing. I couldn’t keep up with all these thoughts attacking me all at once. Johnny had crossed the gym attempting to get my attention on his way. 

Tears stung my eyes. When did that happen? Was I crying? I touched my face and felt a steady stream of water. It was too much to bear all at once. I rushed out of the gym in a panic. I jumped in my new Range Rover and I took off. With no destination in mind, I drove and I drove. I kept going as far as the gas tank would allow. What is wrong with me? 

Chapter 5

The days turned to weeks. The weeks to months. 

Life had moved on, but I hadn’t. I never left that night. The night when I suffered my first lose, the night I thoroughly got my ass beat. 

I can still see it all in slow motion. The champion had done everything right. You could tell his team studied hard. He knew exactly what I wanted to do before I could do it. He took away my game and by extension my life. Before I knew the fight had been stopped. A travesty, I wasn’t done yet. I had more to give. But it didn’t matter now. All that mattered now was to feel no more. I was drowning under the weight of my emotions. I was drowning in a pool of drugs, liquor, and parties. 

On the outside, everyone still knew me as Chucky “The Chosen” Miles. Twenty fights, no loses, fitting that my twenty-first fight would be my first loss. 

Every party was the same. The girls would flock over to me. Bottles on the house. Someone around me always had any drug I could ask for. For me these brief reprieves from the agony were heaven. 

After I freaked out at practice, I took the rest of that week off. I was able to come back to the same Chucky. Filled with arrogance, ready to fuck the world up. 

No one ever brought up the incident, they just figured I was having a moment. The reality was that it was a cry for help. But the world doesn’t work like that. It’s never that simple. 

I kept it pushing but I never felt like Chucky again. The joy, the passion that came from fighting was gone. The man I had become was just a shell of the man I once was. 

One night, while in a stupor, my phone rang. Looking down I could see that it was my agent. Robert Grove. 

I picked it up after the first ring. 

“Chucky the champ, nice ring to it, huh?” Good to see Rob still had his lust for life. 

“Nothiiing much, my man.” I managed to rattle off in slurred voice. 

“Ah, I see you’re still enjoying your fame. Well get your shit together Chuck. The UFC has come calling.” 

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

Thump.

My heart started again. My mind is racing. I wasn’t ready to return to the octagon. 

“What are we looking at Big Rob.” 

“What the fuck did you just call me?”

“It’s nuthin. Keep it move my man.”

“Alright someone’s not sober. I’ll call you back tomorrow, Chuck, be safe.” He hung up without another word. 

Chapter 6

Seven days later, I signed the dotted line. The UFC loved me, they loved the bravado, the arrogance, the showmanship. Eight more fights. 

A loss to the caliber of fighter that the champ was, was nothing to lose your head over. They call him a generational talent. A man from Russia, I’m sure with his own battles. In the octagon, he seemed to turn into some eldritch horror of brutality. Something I got to experience first-hand. 

As far as the brass was concerned, I was still in the top five and primed for a pick-me-up fight, enroute to a rematch. 

Despite the finish, I still managed to shock him. Just for a split second. Ducking and weaving through his punches, I landed big. A left hook from hell. I could see it in his eyes. The thing about fighting is once the cage closes, you can feel each other’s emotions, a shared passion. For a brief second, I saw all the light leaving his eyes. He regained his composure unnaturally fast, like I was watching a fucking Rocky movie. Then boom. My lights went out. I didn’t even see his punch.

“Chuck, you know you have to fight at some point this year?” Rob said strumming his fingers along the table. 

Rob was younger for an agent. At the ripe age of thirty-eight, he was ten years my senior. Rob was average height, probably around five-foot-nine. The thing about Rob though, is you always knew who the fuck he was. He was Rob Banks. My bad, Rob fucking Banks. Superstar MMA agent. Always dressed in a well fitted suit, hair slicked back mob style, a larger than average nose, big eyebrows, and of course, the watch. He always had some expensive and flashy watch on. Always. 

Rob caught me at eight in the morning fresh off my latest bender. There was currently a construction crew in my head, tearing down and moving things inside my brain. The pain throbbed as I tried to pull myself together.

“Uh, ya, man.” I forced out inbetween gulps of water.

“What are you a fucking fish? Come on get it together. One title shot and you forget how to act.” Rob was angry. Not a normal sight. 

Still in a daze, I tried to string together Rob’s words, “Ya, man. Opponents. Who we looking at?”

“You must defend your number one contender spot. The weight class is beginning to stack up at the bottom. Bunch of killers on the way. Ideally, they’d like you to fight someone in the top five. They were thinking of Rodriguez. But to be honest, I think you wait. Take a smaller name fighter. You got your ass beat thoroughly. You need to get your confidence back. I mean look at you. When was the last time you slept?” 

When was that? 

“Every time I open my phone there you are, doing some wild shit. I mean c’mon goddamnit, you’re about to be a brand risk. We all do wild shit. It’s the business, but we do it behind closed doors.”

“When was I on the news?” I was borderline flabbergasted. Also still numb physically and emotionally. 

“Last fucking night Chuck!” He was trying not to yell in public. “In the hottest club in Vegas doing fucking coke of all things.”

“Coke is in again.” It’s like the eighties.” 

“I’m gonna make a judgement call for you, since you can’t get your own head out of your ass. You’re going to fight Rodriguez. Maybe another ass whooping will get your head straight. WAITER!” He yelled, raising his hand up. 

“Damn Rob, relax. No need to yell.” 

He balled his fists up and rose from his chair. Freshly pressed suit still immaculate, hair still slick, watch shining, “No I don’t need to relax, you need to get it together before I drop your ass.” And just like that he marched off. 

Chapter 7

Johnny Law hit me with a fierce combination. Quick and strong, it nearly knocked me on my ass. 

“Damn, C, you look like shit.” 

Of course he wasn’t wrong. 

“Ya man, fuck you.” I was offended. 

“Ok big man, don’t be mad now that I’m on the up and up.”

“You still have a way to go before you can hold my cup.” I said chuckling to myself. 

“Oh, ya playboy?” He fired off a playful jab loaded with power, that I easily dodged. 

When I dodged Johnny pulled me in close, “What’s going on with you man. This isn’t the guy that I was starving at the bottom with. The guy who came in pushed me to do more. To be better. The guy that easily carved his way through one of the toughest divisions in the UFC.”

Goddamn he was right, but I couldn’t believe that. I can’t. I’m still him. 

“Nothing man. Just a bad day. I’m chosen, goddamnit, you know this.” 

“Hasn’t seemed like it lately. I gotta be honest man, I have a big fight coming up so I’m gonna spar with a couple others this camp. We’ll talk later; you better still be in my corner come fight night.” 

“Where else would I be.” I fist bumped him before he walked across the gym. 

Everything Johnny said was valid though. I had lost my fire, the same hunger that propelled me to the top. I couldn’t take it. I was done for the day. I needed a drink and a few ladies to occupy my mind. 

Wrapping up I headed towards the locker room, only to be caught off guard by my second father. Coach mosied over to me trying to be inconspicuous. 

“Hey, champ. Lookin crisp out there. First, time ole’ Johnnys ever hit you like that before. Anything I can do for ya?” I could see the sincerity in his eyes, and maybe a hint of pain. 

“Nah, Coach I’m good. Just an off day. I’m gonna head out and reset my mental.” 

“Good. Good. That’s good. But to be honest with ya Champ, you’re off your game. I know you got your ass beat, but it happens. This is fighting. You take your bumps and your bruisers, you cry about it, and then you get better.” 

“Ya, I know coach. Just a rough patch.”

“Ok, Champ. I’ll let you go but you better be ready come fight night.” He slapped me on the ass and gave me one of his famous winks. The man was a charmer if nothing else.

Chapter 8

Thump. 

One heartbeat was all I got. 

Thump. 

I sat in the back surrounded by my corner once again. Just like always. So why did tonight feel different.

Thump.

My bout drew close, but I felt nothing. The excitement was gone. I could hear the fans cheering. Louder and louder. They loved to watch violence. The bloodier, the better. 

Thump. Thump.

My heart picked up again. The officials ushered us into the tunnel. Rodriguez walked first. I watched it live on the TV in the back. He looked fierce. Normally, he had a full head of hair, but just for tonight Rodriguez shaved his head. The shaved head gave him a new intimidating look. A far cry from the slick talking, well-tailored man that was at the press conference. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. 

The familiar beat of my heart going haywire dragging me forward. My music came on and the fans roared. But I could still hear them. 

Thump. Thump. 

My heart died down. The excitement was gone. Beat out of me. I couldn’t force myself to love this anymore. 

Thump. 

Rodriguez had become downright terrifying. The look in his eyes was rabid. Like a mad dog instructed to kill me. The shaved head adding an extra layer of fear. Despite being the shorter man, right now he felt eight feet tall. From the look on his face, he could sense my fear. Suddenly the predator called anxiety stalked me in my mind. It paralyzed. I felt small. Alone. Scared. I felt fear for the first time in the octagon. My sanctuary from all the bullshit of life had been burned down, my confidence in it.

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump.

My heart picked up. My mind raced. The bell rang. 

Chapter 9

“Where on Earth has Chucky Miles been? The former lightweight phenom has all but vanished off the face of the earth. Well, that was until last night. This just in we received pictures of one particular night of debauchery.” Pictures of a crowded nightclub flashed across the screen. In each picture, Chucky was either doing lines of coke, smoking something or the other, popping pills, or taking shots. 

“Miles, the former number one contender, hasn’t been in the octagon in what feels like ages. His last fight against Daniel Rodriguez was exactly two years today. Miles was finished by Rodriguez via punches in the first round.”

I turned the TV off. Fuck ESPN. Bunch of hacks and know-it-alls anyway. They would never live the life of a fighter. Except that was false. ESPN had hired former legends of the sport to run their MMA shows. Nothing like watching some of the people you idolized ragging on you. 

But that was neither here nor there. I had bigger issues to deal with. 

“Look, Chucky, you know I love you.” Rob was in boat shoes, vacation shorts, and the classic Hawaiian shirt. His hair slicked back, watch blinding. Things were different now though. The usual warmth shared by Rob and I was gone. 

“Ya, but what Rob? Don’t fuck around, get to the point.” I was gruff with Rob. When did we start to grow apart? 

“Look, Chuck, fuck man, I don’t want to do this.” Rob shifted in his chair uncomfortably. 

I knew what this was and where this was going. I waved my hand at him to shut him up. I let the silence linger between us. Both of us in thought, not sure where to go next.  I took a deep breath and broke the silence, “I remember before all this. I mean look at this place Rob. Seriously.” 

We were in Rob’s new house. A massive piece of land in the lofty neighborhoods of Miami. The house was beautiful. Custom built from the ground up, it bordered a royal palace. 

We sat on the balcony, overlooking the ocean. It was a small table we sat at, with a small TV off to the side. He was puffing a cigar and drinking what I would assume to be an expensive glass of whiskey. 

“You remember the van?” I chuckle. “We drove that damn thing all through Texas. Up and down from the shit town you found me in. We did pretty well for ourselves, eh?”

Rob finished his drink. He poured himself another one and filled up my glass too. We both saluted and killed the glasses. 

“Ya, Chucky I do. Listen buddy, I don’t know what’s going on with you, but do yourself a favor. Get some help.” He reached his hand across the table.

I smacked it away. “Fuck you Rob. I remember when you weren’t shit. Now look you, with your fucking five-hundrend-thousand watches. I remember your wife too. Did you forget about Monique? The wife you fucking cheated on, the one I helped you move your assets around before she divorced your ass. Ya I remember Rob, I know who you really are.”

I walked away. Turning my back on someone I held dear. 

Thump. Thump.

Chapter 10

“Hey, Champ, man we gotta talk.” My coach ushered me into his office. 

I looked around the gym. I saw Johnny Law training in the corner. Drenched in sweat, he looked massive today. He’s always been a big guy, at six-foot-three, he used to be a cop. The former cop, had cast away his straight edge appearance. He rocked a mullet, covered in tattoos, whole chest, arms, shoulders, and back. 

I watched him intently for a moment. He saw me but he didn’t look at me. He was throwing hard too. Too hard the drill. His partner responded accordingly as Johnny almost kicked his head off. 

My protege, he soared now. He filled the void, brought the money, the new cash cow. 

I followed coach into his small office, more suffocating now then ever. 

“Look, Chucky, I’m gonna be honest with you. You haven’t been here in months. You haven’t fought in years. You missed Johnny’s fights.” For a small man he seemed so big. 

“You missed Johnny avenging your loss and bringing home the belt. He even shouted you out, live. And what did you do Chuck? Nobody heard from you for damn near a year. I was worried kid.” Coach’s face grew hard. He stared me in my eyes. Looking deep into my soul. How’d he miss the emptiness? The sadness?

“I don’t know what you’re going through, but I’m sorry Chuck. You can’t train here anymore. I love you, but you’re a mess. I mean look at you, all muscle gone. When did you eat last? Can you even spar.” 

I grabbed my ribs instinctively. The truth coming across as a punch to the liver. 

The world shrunk, my breathe shortened.  Thump.

Fuck. 

“Ya, sure, whatever. Fuck you anyways.” I stormed off.

Running through the gym tears stung my eyes. I started ducking and weaving trying to avoid the tears. I wouldn’t let them fall. Not here. I couldn’t. 

Still the punches, kept coming. I tried my hardest to duck, dodge, block or whatever I could do. 

Suddenly I was back in the octagon. Vlad, the champ, the goat, was across from me. I threw my left hook. It landed flush, a moment away from the torrent building behind my eyes. 

It replayed again. Picture perfect. I watch the light leave his eyes. I watched it come back. But I didn’t see the punch that knocked the lights out. 

I was balling. No control left in my body, I completely unraveled in the parking lot. Driving fast, I ran. I ran again from the truth. 

Thump.

Chapter 11

“Ya, Mom, I’m coming home.” I needed to get away. I couldn’t think of anywhere else, except for where it all began. 

“What’s wrong, son, what happened?” She asked, almost scared. 

“We just haven’t heard from you since….”

“Ya, my last fight. I land around midnight, if you could pick me up from the airport?”

“Of course, son. Your dad and I will be there.” 

“Alright, I’ll see you soon.” I turned my phone off. 

I left the long term parking, leaving one my last assets in Florida. I didn’t care what happened to it, I just needed to get the fuck out of here.

Miami’s airport, busy, as always. Filled with thousands of passengers all heading about their lives. So, what are the odds that Johnny Law and Nicole are here. Funny how life works like that. 

I tried my best to ignore them. I guess we never really were friends. If we were he’d know better than to shack up with Nicole. But he’s the star now and what the fuck am I?

Walking faster trying to get to my gate, I could feel someone watching me. Following me. 

“Hey! Chuck” The boisterous voice boomed. 

Goddamnit.

He caught up to me, placing a hand my shoulder. 

He was dressed expensively. Designer clothes, shoes, and glasses. And of course the Rob fucking Banks special, an expensive watch.

“Where you been man?” He tried to hug me, but I rebuffed him.

Walking up to his side was the familiar blonde bomb shell who once told me she loved me. She looked like every influencer from Miami. Botox lips, botox face, nails done, decked out in designer. 

“Um, hi, Chuck. You look, uh, decent.” 

She was smiling. 

“Ya whatever, get the fuck out of my life.” I rushed off. 

This was too much. 

Not right now. 

I was almost gone. 

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Chapter 12

Knock. 

A quite, subtle knock hit the door. 

I was still in a stupor, my mind was hazy. I couldn’t put things together yet. 

Knock. Knock. 

The knocks came again, a little harder this time. 

Knock. Knock. Knock. 

My anxiety rose. My anger boiled. I turned over and tried to ignore whoever was disturbing my only peace. 

Knock. Knock. Knock. Knock. 

“Fuck, what!” I screamed. 

The door opened and my parents peered in. 

My dad was aged now. Grey hair, grey mustache, beer belly, the real retired dad. Despite his age, he still held a lot of muscle. He was jacked for an old guy. 

His face was red. His fists were balled, knuckles white. 

My mom stood behind. Short and petite. Dressed in her Sunday dress, hair down, with look of concern in her face. 

“Son.” My dad finally broke my peace. 

“You need to get up. It’s been a week. All you do is drink and bring whores through here. You better not being drugs in here either. I raised you better than that. Do you know how embarrassing it is to see my son on the new doing cocaine?” He looked like he might hit me. 

“I’m sorry son, but you can’t stay here.”

I was flabbergasted. 

“You’re kicking me out?”

“I love you but you’re not going to destroy your life in my house. Goddamnit. Why? Why?” The questions never landed. 

The bell rang. 

This was the worst camp of my career. I had no business being in the octagon with someone like Daniel Rodriguez. He was a stone cold killer. After he starched me, he went on tear, all the way to the title. Vlad had jumped ship at that point, went up and won there before ole’ Johnny knocked him off. 

I rushed to the middle, like normal.

He came in aggressive almost sprinting at me. 

The punch came quick. 

They say it was an overhand right. 

I had zero significant strikes. 

Chapter 13

Knock. Knock. Knock.

A hard sound knocked against the window. 

Uh, fuck, where was I?

Knock. Knock. Knock. Knock.

A bright light shined in my eyes. I raised my hand in defense. 

The arena roared.

“Sir, put your hand down. Police.”

“AAAAAAND THE NEW” Bruce roared. 

The glass shattered. 

The fans thundered, deafening. 

I reached down to touch the gold. The one thing I worked so hard for, the one thing we worked so hard for. The command went the action didn’t go through. I tried again. And again. My hands jingled. They were forced together. 

The title gone. Head swimming. 

Thump. 

I ran as fast and as hard I could. I face planted into metal bars, the lights going out on more time.

Interlude 1

He laid in bed. The window of the terrace open letting a cool breeze sweep through the room. 

The only light from the city. 

He sat up letting the blanket fall down his chest. He looked to his left to see an empty bed. A worrying trend as of late. 

He moved my gaze to the terrace. Nicole stood there, naked, overlooking the city. The lights passing over her, giving her an ethereal look. 

He always tried to hide how bad he wanted Nicole. Everything about her excited him. Except for that fact that she was dating his bestfriend and mentor.

He couldn’t blame her either. His friend was amazing. 

The Chosen, this fucking guy. Of all the nicknames, of the things to call yourself? The Chosen. No wonder he never called him John. No it was always Johnny Law. 

John took in a deep breath. The memories flooding back in. 

He was so good. So fucking good. 

John’s phone rang. Not entirely uncommon at this time of night, but when Rob fucking Banks calls you answer.

“Hey, champ! How’s it going, you keeping fit? Strong?” Rob could make any conversation sound like infomericial, if almost by instinct. 

“Whats up, Rob? You know it’s like two-thirty am, right?”

“Ya but when you’re the champ, business never sleeps. So we got a couple of podcasts that want you on, definitely doing Joe Rogan, no question.”

John’s gaze was focused on Nicole. The lights flashed. 

Flash. 

Just like the cameras for each of his knockouts. 

Flash. Flash.

A new thought entered John’s head. 

Something that he never took a second to consider.

Was it worth it?

Flash. Flash. Flash. 

Chapter 14

“Are you ready?” My dad asked. 

We sat at the kitchen table in my parents house. An older home, showing its age now. The patterns of yesteryear decorating the open kitchen and dinning room.  He sat there drinking his coffee. He peered at me over the rim. His eyes cut deep.  “I didn’t let your drunk ass back in my home to mope around all day. Plus you’ve got a fight in six months.”

“What?”

“Ya I’ve been talking to Rob. I’ve taken over for the time being.”

Evidently my face reflected my surprise.

“Close your mouth, you’re gonna get drool on the table.”  I guess I hadn’t checked my phone is a few days or weeks? Who cares. Apparently I have a fight coming up?  My dad leaned back in his chair, still pinning to me to my sit with his gaze.  He grabbed the remote and clicked a button.

The TV flashed on, ESPN already playing.

“This just in, the return of Chucky Miles. The former rising star has been absent from the cage for two years. The headliner for Fight Night Houston, Miles takes on former champion and opponent, Daniel Rodriguez.”

No fucking way.

Thump.

“Stop.” My dad said.

“W-w-what?”  “Stop that whatever it is your doing. Actually get ready, you’ve got six months to make up for two years off. If you don’t get your shit together he’s gonna knock your head off again.”

“But Coach is in Florida?”

“Fuck him, he’s always been a fraud. Did you forget who introduced you to all this. Just because I traded my dreams to raise doesn’t change who or what I was. I chose you over everything. If you think I’m gonna let you rot and turn your self into nothing, then you’ve forgotten. You have twenty minutes before I ship your ass off.” He grabbed his mug, turned off the TV and walked away.  The silence set quick, bringing everything into perspective.  In six months I’d fight Rodriguez again. One of the men who, whether he know it or not, extinguished the fire that drove me.

Twenty minutes later, we were in his old Ford Ranger. The memories began to surface. Lost pieces of the man I once was.

He was right. Goddamnit he was right.

The tears. I could feel them forming.

Before I could realize the sadness, we were in the parking lot. The parking lot where it all began. The beginning of a new chapter.

Chapter 15

inside the gym it was old, dusty, and musty.

The walls filled with various awards. Each one still pristine.  I passed by each one, touching them. Plaques, trophies, medals, pictures, memories.

The lights flipped on.  The large open space still had the mats I grew up on, the cage in the corner, the punching bags somehow still standing.

I took it all in, “How long has it been dad.”

“Years son, years. I was beginning to think I lost you. One day we were training together, the next your in Miami with a new coach. Rob knew what you were. He saw the endless potential.”

He was right.  “I kept this place open for a few years after you left. But it wasn’t the same.”

Thump. Thump.

The tears came rushing back. I bobed and weaved ducking punches and kicks.  I was too slow. I got caught by an uppercut. It knocked me on my ass.  The tears fell. No, they didn’t just fall, they ravaged me.  My dad wrapped his arms around me bringing me into a tight hug.  “It’s ok, let it go. Let it all go.”

“Fuck man, I’m not a fighter. I’m a pussy.” The flood gates were open. All the emotion I had been holding came rushing out.  “You think so? Twenty wins and two losses. You think one loss makes you a lesser? We all get our ass beat at some point or another. It’s just not always a human beating your face in. That’s life. You get knocked down, but you get back up. You have to get keep getting up. I remember when I had to make the decision. Your mother had just told she was pregnant. My life flashed before my eyes, but I made decision. I traded in my wrestling career and went to work. To provide, to support. I poured my heart and soul into you. I trained you day in and day out. When you left I wasn’t angry, I wasn’t disappointed. I was ecstatic to see the hard work finally pay off. To see you flourish. And I’m still here as crumble. I’ll help you pick up the pieces, but you have to let me help.”  In the gym where I began, I fell apart. I finally peeled back the walls. Inside I found a husk of man, who hid behind his arrogance. A fortress built on lies.

Chapter 16 

“Good! Left, right, left.” My dad boomed. His voice echoing in the empty gym. 

“I know you can hit harder than than. I taught you better.”

I felt the my anger rage beneath my skin. My fist the outlet. The pad flew back, nearly knocking my dad’s arm off.

“Good shit son!” He slapped me on the shoulder.

From somewhere deep in the attic, he had found an old relic. His old sweat suit. Grey with red stripes in the middle, it didn’t fit him. Or barely fit him. His stomach poked out at the bottom. He had a matching grey beanie, looking like Rocky’s trainer, Mickey. 

“There it is.” 

I wasn’t satisfied yet. Not even close. 

“Alright boy, we’re making progress. I haven’t seen you hit this hard in years. That’s it for today. I need a beer. I’ll meet you at home.” 

“Can you give me a ride? Just for today, I’m fuckin beat man.” 

“Not yet, you have to earn that right. Lock up when you’re done.”

Damn that man. When I needed him most he showed up. Just like he always had.  More importantly, he was right.  I laced up my shoes and locked the door. Six hard miles and I could rest. A hard earned rest.  South Texas is hot year round. What we considered cool started in the low seventies.  I ran down same path I ran as a kid. It had become a sort of safe place for me.  I knew what was coming up, and maybe I hadn’t fully earned a rest, but damn it I wanted a treat. Something to at least remind of the little things.

The local HEB. The Mecca of all grocery stores. I wouldn’t hear it any other way. I don’t care what people think, HEB is the goat.  I was drenched in sweat, but people didn’t take notice of me. I probably smelled like baked ass as well. If any noticed they didn’t make a scene.

I moved strategically through the isles. Just like old times. Getting lost in these endless aisles, making my parents go crazy looking for me.  Finally it revealed itself to me. The candy aisle.

Thump.  I felt it. My heartbeat, but for the first time in a long time what followed wasn’t doom. It was happiness. It faded just as soon as it came.  Turning down the aisle I saw her.

She was older now. How much so? Fuck if I know. Her hair had grown, the long, straight, brunette lockes flowed down to the middle of her back. She had filled out nicely, her curves extenuating her body. Then she turned.

Those deep green eyes caught mine. They held me there, making me her prisoner. She was even more beautiful than the day I first laid eyes on her.  “Well, well, well, if it isn’t Mr. Superstar. How long were you going to avoid me?”  I sucked in a sharp breath, “Hi, Lizzie.”

“Don’t call me that.” She giggled. “No one’s called me that in years. They call me Lisa now.”

“I wasn’t, uh, ignoring you. Just didn’t think I was gonna be in town this long.”

“Ya, DUI probably fucked that up, huh?”

Good to see that Lizzie never changed. Just a brash as ever.

I couldn’t help but laugh. I hadn’t seen this women in damn near a decade and this is what she tells me?  I looked here up and down, only just realizing she was dressed in business casual attire.

“Holy shit.” I said, mind phasing out, “You’re a manger. You did it. Congratulations.”

She blushed. “Thanks, stinky.”  She was deflecting but I was cackling, my body shaking from the laughter.

“What’s so funny? You dolt?”

“You!”

She couldn’t help it either, she busted out laughing as well.  After we started to calm down she grabbed my phone.  “Here’s my number. I’m expecting to hear from you by Friday. You owe me a dinner and an explanation for why you ghosted me.”

Thump. Thump. Thump.  I think I love this woman.  Chapter 17

I hadn’t dress up in a long time. I didn’t even know what to wear anymore. Before all this, I could just throw on something designer, a suite, a t-shirt and jeans, and people would eat it up. The more flash the more love. 

Now I simplified things. Just a navy blue polo and black slacks. 

I held the door open for Lizzie. She was in a nice little black dress, conservative yet seductive. Her face made up, amplifying her beauty. Her hair long, straight, dark. 

The steakhouse was probably, well not probably is the nicest dinner spot in town. Another knock against small town Texas. 

We were seated promptly, in a little corner to ourselves. We were clearly over dressed, or my fame preceded me. Daggers or admiration flew our direction as we crossed the restaurant. 

Sitting across from her, those eyes took me almost immediately. How on Earth did I ever leave this girl behind.

“You look beautiful.” I spat out.

She laughed a little too hard at that. “Is the “The Chosen” nervous? Over little ole’ me?” She teased.

“I’m sorry. It’s been a while since I’ve done this.”

“What are you apologizing for? Ooooo!” She perked up. “Maybe you finally apologize for ghosting me and leaving me in the dark.” 

“Uh ya. That was shitty thing for me to do.”

“You’re goddamn right it was.  Do you know how many times I cursed you? Then the local boy blew up. You were everywhere. I couldn’t do anything or go anywhere without seeing your face somewhere. Always with a new girl.”

Damn. That one stung.

“It was a troubling couple of years.” 

She didn’t stop, she barely paused to let me speak, “All of sudden you show back up here out of the blue. Then I got to watch you self destruct. Really Chuck? A DUI? I remember when you wouldn’t touch alcohol.”

Thump. Thump. 

Ya I remember that too. 

Thump. Thump. Thump.

“I thought maybe if you saw me, you’d remember. I missed you for so long. I cried for weeks, but I pushed through. I tried to find new love, but no one could compare. I hate to see what you’ve become. A cocky asshole, whose ego is too inflated for his own good.”

I grabbed my ribs. The body shot landing clean. I flinched, and the kick landed squarely on my jaw. My eyes watered. 

She was getting up, she was leaving just like I left her. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. 

“Stop.” I said, voice hoarse. 

She did. She caught my eyes again. Gone was coldness and anger I saw earlier. Now there was sadness. 

“Don’t go. Don’t leave me. Everyone I thought I loved left me.” Goddamn. Back at rock bottom. 

She grabbed my hand and rushed me to her car. 

In record time we arrived at her apartment. I didn’t have time to take in my surroundings. She pushed me on to her sofa. Quickly she followed me back, landing on my lap. 

She straddled me. For the first time we were eye to eye. Our noses touching. 

She whispered in my ear, “I never left you, you left me. But I’m still here, I always have been.” 

We embraced. We kissed. We loved each other. 

Interlude 2

Nicole glared at the reflection in the mirror. Another wrinkle. Another blemish. Another day further away from perfection. 

She took a moment, lettings the feelings pass. These days it seemed to be getting harder and harder. 

Her mind felt restless. Her heart full of pain. 

She wrestled with her emotions for a little while longer before burying those damned demons deep down. 

Johnny’s thing was coming up soon anyway. She turned on the gargantuan TV, way too big for any practical reason, other than they could. 

Instead of seeing the tattooed welterweight champion of the world she saw him. Chucky Miles. 

His mugshot appeared on the screen. He looked like how she saw him last. A husk. Clearly whatever was going with Chucky was bad. Really bad. 

She couldn’t waiver on these kinds of thoughts though. As the girlfriend of the champ and soon to be Mrs. Law or formally Mrs. Keller, she had responsibilities. 

Instead of waiting for John’s segment, she grabbed her keys and water bottle, dashing to the door. 

Of course a woman of status could only be at the hottest gym in Miami. Complete with areas to record, light shows, towels, shakes, coffees, you name they had it. All for the low price of a thousand dollars a month.

The price never crossed her mind as she scanned her pass to get in. 

In here she felt at home. Surrounded by at least a hundred other like minded women.

She entered the luxurious locker room, stopping at the mirrors to double check her makeup. 

Her makeup was flawless as usual. She pushed her manicured hands through her platinum blonde hair. Adjusted the tight fitting sports bra that showed off her newest assets. They came with a fifty thousand dollar price tag, courtesy of Johnny Law. 

In the corner of her eye, she saw two younger girls. Both in bright matching yoga pants and sports bras. They had to be in their twenties at least. Or their plastic surgeon was a miracle worker. She noted that hers couldn’t defeat father time. 

She could see them messing with their phones and pointing at her? Were they pointing at her? She wouldn’t risk looking foolish. Not in this influencers utopia. 

Out of the corner of her eye she could see them meekly walking towards her. Each step seeming to make them more confident. 

“Um, excuse me.” The one in the bright pink set asked. 

Nicole turned actually looking at the girls now. They were stunning, no plastic required. 

“Yes?” She responded tersely. 

The other girl in a baby blue set of tights spoke up, “Are you Johnny Law’s girlfriend?”

“Yes!” Nicole thought in her head. Her plan was working. 

“That’s correct.” She tried to keep up her bad bitch act, but she was smiling inside. 

“Ok, we gotta know where do you find these men?” The one in pink’s eyes lit up.

She was excited now. “Ladies, first you gotta know your worth. Never settle for less. Make them chase you. You don’t chase them.” Her confidence swelled. 

The girl blue looked a little apprehensive. He face taking on a look of minor concern. 

She spoke “Ok, but what about Chucky? Do you just dump the trash and move on?” 

“Yes, precisely. You know girls, let’s get some coffee and do some chatting. How many instagram followers do you two have?” 

Exactly how she envisioned it. But was it really?

Nicole left the gym feeling amazing. Her reputation had proceeded her, even if it was still tied to a man. 

When she arrived at the penthouse she shared with John, she noticed his absence.

She called his phone. No answer. 

She called again. No answer. 

Again. 

Again. 

Thud. 

The sound of hard wooden door smashed shut in a muted thud. 

Finally, he answered. 

“Baaaaby, I’ll be home soon. Love ya!” John hung up just as fast as he answered. She could barely hear him, the music was too loud. 

He was out at another party again. 

Thud. Thud. 

She could hear her parents arguing again. Something they had always done. 

She began to undress and decided she need a soak to clear her mind.

Turning on the bathtub, she waited until the water ran hot. But she decided that hot wasn’t hot enough. She made it hotter. 

The boiling water welcomed her, enveloping every part of her. Body, mind and soul. So why was she so troubled still? 

Maybe the distance forming between her and John?

The conversation in the locker room replayed in her head. 

“Ok, but what about Chucky? Do you just dump the trash and move on?” 

The words echoed through her mind, erasing her peace. 

Thud. Thud. Thud.

“Fuck you, Henry get the fuck out.”

“What the fuck did you just say to me!” The voice boomed. 

She winced instinctively. 

The slap echoed through the house. The once peaceful home had been destroyed and all semblance of normality with it. 

First her dad and now Henry? Who next?

The first time she met Chucky flashed in her mind.

He was average height, five-eight, or five-nine. Lean and fierce, he charged into every fight unfazed. He wasn’t the most spectacular looking man, but he more than made up for it. What drew her to him the most was the unshakable confidence. He exuded everything she valued in man. Dominant, endearing, sexy. 

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

She was jarred back to that night in Vegas. 

Nicole was doing well for herself for once in her life. She had traction online, people followed her, they looked for her. The attention was intoxicating. Then she met Henry. Not the Henry that shattered her home, but a new Henry. Big strong, tanned, rich. He gave anything and everything she desired except for love. 

“You fucking bitch. All I do for you! We’ve fucked other women before! We’ve even had relationships together with a third woman. Now it’s a problem.” 

Henry smashed his fist into the wall. A fist sized whole appeared in the wall, swallowing Henry’s rage. 

His eyes darkened. His focus turned to her. 

“What about you, huh? Who do you fuck when I’m not around? Let me see that fucking phone I pay for?”

“No it’s mine. You can’t have it.” 

The slap echoed again. She didn’t know where she was now. Fading in and out of each memory. 

Then Chucky. 

He was still in bed face swollen. He looked like he was in pain. She couldn’t watch this. He got beat so bad it was liked he got jumped. 

She winced. 

“I’m sorry Chucky, this isn’t gonna work. You’re just not, uh, how do I put this, good enough.” She flipped her platinum ponytail and walked out of the door. Out of his life. Away from the pain. She knew it was coming, it was only a matter of time. 

She was crying now, but she wouldn’t acknowledge it. 

How long before John left?

She couldn’t envision the wedding. Did she deserve her happily ever after? Or was she doomed to continue her cycle until her beauty finally faded?

“Hurt them before they can hurt you.” Her mothers words came back to her. 

“Men like Henry only want one thing, if you give it to them, they’ll move on. Just like your father, just like my Henry, just like your Henry.” 

Thud. 

Chapter 18

“Shoot!” Dad’s voice rumbled through the old bones of the gym.

“Sprawl!” Each command moving through my body like a virus.

“Shoot!”  The timer beeped in the distance. Another day of work done.  “Alright son, you know the drill. Run, eat, shower, film, sleep.” I’ll catch you in a few.  Dad was always cool, even now mid way into his sixties. He walked with a swagger, mobbish. He always looked like he had somewhere to be, someone to meet. He looked important.  My shoes laced up, I moved through the gym towards the exit.  A strange peace washed over me. A quite intensity. I could feel the energy in this gym. The blood, the sweat, the tears. The pictures of the many champions on wall peered back at me, mocking me, fueling me, inspiring me. Another six miles. Another obstacle down.  Half way there I stopped by HEB to see my favorite HEB manager. 

Liz had seen me at best and now she’s seen me at my absolute worst. The woman that cursed my name became a sanctuary. Still she accepted me. Took me as I am.

I turned the corner down her aisle. I normally didn’t bother her at work, but today was little different.

Butterflies fluttered in my stomach. I felt something new as well. Anxiety? No, am I nervous? Twenty-two pro fights and I’ve never been nervous once. How many other women had come and gone into my life? Whispers in the wind. I fumbled nervously with the card inconspicuously in my front pocket.

There she was. Black pants and green shirt, pushed the boundary of what it could contain. Something about women in simple clothes.

She turned to see me coming her way. She frowned.  “Chuck what are you doing here?”  I pulled the card out of my pocket, “Happy Birthday!”  “Oh, no Chuck, why here?”

If I wasn’t sure before, I’m definitely nervous now.  She grabbed by the arm and pulled me off to the side.

“Chuck, I haven’t texted you back on purpose.”

“Oh. I just thought you were busy.” I said sheepishly 

“I wanted to surprise you.” 

She sighed deeply.  “I was figuring out the best way to tell you, but you’ve forced my hand. I’m sorry about the other night. I didn’t mean to get your hopes up. I just, uh, got lost in the moment.”

“What do you mean?”

Thump.  “I’m sorry Chuck but you don’t get to be an asshole and forget I exist. You don’t get on pop back up and boom, we’re good.”

Thump. Thump.  I started to shift my weight on my feet. Bouncing left to right.  “I’m sorry about everything you’re going through truly, but would you have remember me if you never lost?”  In a flash my new sanctuary had burned down.  Chapter 19

I had no time to nurse a heartbreak. Three months flew by. Everyday I trained a little harder. Everyday I got a little better.  When this was all over maybe I could mend that hole I put in my heart. But for now I had to be a man. I had to fix myself first then maybe she could take me for the man I am.

Each punch carried the weight of my emotions. My kicks carried out my pains. Grappling got my mind back into focus. Wrestling brought my edge back. The weight came back. I was up to one-sixty by now. The weight cut wouldn’t be hard this time around, but my lack of muscle could be my downfall. 

Dad waved me down as I warmed up.

“Chuck, not today. We’re in the film room” He ushered me to follow him.  I followed him into a back corner, which was just his office. He just loved calling it the film room.  His old desk sat in the center of the room. A projector took most of the space in the back. A large white screen pulled down at the front of the room.

“Dad, there’s no way that old ass thing works.” He laughed at that. It was nice to have some humor back in my life.  “No, no, of course not. You think I just never modernized. Look the house is only old because I bought for eighty thousand dollars back in the day. Good luck getting anything like today. Fuckin people. Fuckin taxes.”

We used to always go back and forth like this.  During his babbling he turned on a smaller modern projector.  “Alright, first things first. We have no footage from the first fight, we’ll cause you got knocked the fuck out. But that’s neither here nor there….” I was in for a long night.

Finally after many hours of droning, some fight analysis, and mostly critique of all my pro fights, he shut the projector off.

“Goddamn Dad. Why’d we have to do this all at once.” I placed my hand in my hands.

“Ya and we’re gonna do it again. Get over it. I got something more important to talk to you about.” Our previous playfulness evaporated.

“You’ve been doing good son. Three months sober is a big deal. But here’s the thing, you can beat this kid. He only beat you because you fell off the wagon. I need you to promise me that when you win, you won’t fall off the wagon again.”

His words cut deep.  “Son, you’ve been given a second chance. I won’t be able to save you again.”

“Ya pop, I got you. I won’t fuck this up.” I reached out and hugged him.

He patted me on the head “Now pull your head out of your ass and go fix things with that beauty. You are somehow the only dumbass to see how much that girl loves you. And damn son, she’s a looker.”  Tears stung my cheeks. Tears of joy.  My heart didn’t thump today.

Chapter 20

What did I always say. Panic before so you’re perfect during the moment. What a load of shit.  The wait was over and the return of “The Chosen” had come.  The press conference. My bread and butter.

I usually killed my nerves with a shot of something strong before these things. Maybe a line or two depending on the day.  I never realized how nerve wracking it really was.  The same eyes I used to make flock to me, now terrified me.  Thump.  Fuck this hasn’t happened in months. My breath shallowed.  Thump. Thump.  Fuck it. Fuck it all.

“Chucky “The Chosen” Miles.” The announcer exclaimed. The crowd meeting his roar.

I ran on stage. How the fuck did I do this?

I jogged over to my seat. Old friends and familiar foes peered back me.  I took some deep breaths.

The questions began.

The first question from the crowd “This one is for Chucky. Chucky how do you feel that your former teammate is dating your ex girlfriend.”

Thump. Thump. Thump.

The media always knew where to strike.  “Uh, I wish them nothing but the best.” My response was met with boos.  The next question.

“Chucky, I’m gonna address the elephant in the room. Where the fuck have you been?”

Man this fucking sucks.

“Just been doing some soul searching.” Another round of boos.  The next question.

“What happened between you and John Keller? He shouted you out after avenging your loss.”  Three questions in a row for me. Goddamn it.  Before I could speak a familiar Russian accent sounded off.  “I will answer this for him. I tell you once before and I tell again, Chuck Miles is a fraud. Always was.” The crowed boomed their approval. Anything for some clicks. 

“Chosen my ass! Next time handle your business, don’t leave it to your man. He even took your girl.”

Thump. 



*Potential Chapter* 



Chapter 21

Here I was again. 

Back where I felt like I belonged, or maybe where I never belonged. 

I’d fought my whole life, nothing crazy, or serious. I’m just my father’s son. 

The only man left by my side now. The circus that surrounded me during my rise was gone now. 

Quite. 

Peace. 

I was the challenger now.

The music played. I didn’t hear it.

Thump. 

The nervousness rose to the surface. I hadn’t felt this way since Lisa told me my truth. 

No time for looking back now. I’d fallen too far. I’d come a long way, no point in turning back now. Whatever happened tonight, I would lay it all in the octagon. 

Thump. Thump. 

The anxiety came next. Then the fear. 

I forced my feet forward. I forced them to move. 

The only person in my corner was my dad. 

With each step, I looked into the face of my demons. I acknowledged each one. Fear. Depression. Anxiety. Doubt. Instead of running from them like I had for so long, I embraced each and every one of them. Accepting my flaws. No more running. 

Thump. 

My heart slowed. I was back in my element. 

I paced in my corner, trying to keep loose. Not letting the negative emotions plant their seeds. 

I heard his music play. Loud, violent, and abbrasive, just like Rodriguez. His people walked behind and next to him. His people. His family. 

Rodriguez made a “thing” out of the whole shaved head. He made sure to shave his head before every fight.

I never really looked at Rodriguez. He name was Daniel. A little bit shorter than, but a whole lot meatier. A wide body, layered with muscle and fat. It was surprise that he even made 155. 

He stalked into the ring slowly. He let the suspense build. He circled around me, making sure to look me in my eyes, every chance he got. 

Thump. 

Calm washed over me. Bruce stood in the middle putting on his usual show. 

“In this corner, weighing in at 155 pounds, fighting out of Kingsville, Texas, Chucky Miles.”

Chapter 22

John and Nicole tried to move swiftly through the crowded arena. Dodging troves of fans trying to get a picture. 

People also reached out for Nicole. For reasons, John couldn’t understand this upset him. 

“Can you stop acknowledging all these random ass people.” He tried to whisper to her. 

“I’m sorry John, but what do you want me to do? I don’t control people?”

John was fighting his natural urges. When did hurt and anger become his first senses? 

“I don’t know maybe actually cover up sometime.” Nicole’s face twisted into a mix of the same hurt and anger that John found himself jumping out at him. 

“John, I’m wearing a fucking dress. The same dress YOU picked out for me.”

It was a gorgeous dress. A sparkley mess of translucent stones that refracted rainbows. The dress fit Nicole almost perfectly, melding to her curves, and accentuating her new bust. 

“Ya, well I’m getting real tired of you always trying to show me up.”

“How?” 

He didn’t answer. 

“How? John, please tell me.” 

His gaze lost in the distance. 

“Hello? John?”

She followed his stare. She saw it. She was beginning to think that it was the root of all evil. 

“I’ll meet you at our seats.” John ripped his arm away from hers and stalked off. 

Nicole was angry. Hurt. Ready to blow. But she calmed herself. This small fight wasn’t worth it. 

John walked up to counter and leaned over it, propping himself up with his forearms. 

His mullet styled and gelled, designer shades, designer clothes, designer shoes, and a Rob Fuckin Banks style watch stealing the show.

“Hey, hey, hey!” The man at the counter beamed. “If it isn’t Johnny Law. What can I get for you the usual?”

The fact that he already knew never cut into John like it should have. 

He grabbed his usual, barely saying a thank you, and walked away. 

On the way to his seat he embraced his fans. With no Nicole around and no one to share the spotlight with he let his wings free.

Pictures, autographs, hand shakes, hugs, and phone numbers. The night was only just beginning. 

He found Nicole already seated. He couldn’t tell if she was angry, or just focused. 

“Hey babe, what’d I miss.” 

“It’s close John. Really close.” She didn’t even look at me. 

Before me brutality unfolded in brutal manner. 

Rodriguez had always been a brawler, but he had been hurt this time around.

Rodriguez yelled as he unloaded a torrent of punches. Most missing. 

His right eye had a real shiner on it, above his eyebrow was a deep gash. The dam had broke and blood streaked down his face, pooling in his eye. He couldn’t see out of that right eye. John knew it and he knew who else knew it too. 

Chuck slipped in and out of the pocket, landing pop shots, quick jabs. Rodriguez couldn’t reach him. Chuck was using his reach wisely. 

Chuck hadn’t made it to third round unscathed either. He body red from Rodriguez’s brutal flurries, a couple of knots on his face. No blood. He looked confident. Poised. 

John like Nicole had turned his attention solely on his former friend. Brother. 

Chuck landed another jab. Rodriguez bit. When Rodriguez loaded to unleash on the body, Chuck pivoted. Rodriguez tried to react, but it was too late. 

Like something straight out a fucking movie, Chuck swung big. 

When Chuck stepped back from his jab, Rodriguez rushed, pushing off his foot to his right, he narrowly avoided his frenzied opponent. When his weight landed on his right foot, he pushed off again. The right hook flew. John saw it. Nicole saw it. The announcers saw it. The crowd saw it. But Rodriguez didn’t.

The hook landed square on his chin. Down he went. No motion. No flailing. The lights went out. The arena nearly broke in half. 

John was in awe. He didn’t notice Nicole staring at him.

“John, what the fuck is that?”

“It’s just one drink baby relax.”

“Only one? Like last weekend? When you had almost 10.”

“Just shut up already, goddamn. You’re fucking annoying me.”

“Oh really? Then I’m gone John. Fuck you.”

She stormed off. 

John finished his drink.

Another one somehow ended up in his hand. 

Chapter 23

In what world did I ever chase women? Goddamnit. This is why men can’t fall in love. The cost of love hurts. It’s never as simple as I want it to be.

But I’ve already been reduced to nothing, what else do I actually have to lose?  Snapping back to reality, I felt numb.

“Cheer up son, you look like someone punted your dog.” I guess my face betrayed me.

“I don’t know pop, I don’t feel it.”

“Then find it. Now hurry up let’s get on this damn plane. I didn’t fake my handicap status for nothing.” 

The days of private jets and first class flights had ended with “The Chosen”. They were hardly ever worth it, but they made me look good.

I followed by dad, shuffling our way onto the plane.  I hadn’t taken a moment of reflection yet. Everything was still fresh. New. No, not new. Forgotten.

My dad wiggled his way into seat. Watching him do it was like watching someone try to fit their oversized carry on in the over head.  Fortunately I made him take the window seat, I took the aisle, and left the middle empty. The fight of the night bonuses were going to better things recently.

“Alright, Son that was a good fight. A damn good fight.” He smiled at me. Warmth flooded my veins looking for my heart.  “Ya, thanks. I sure felt good.”

“So what’s next? Champion?”  “I don’t know? Why ask me? You my rights from Rob.”

“Oh, ya that’s right I did. Don’t forget that either. Well let’s get home and regroup first. You know that kid is killer right?”

“What kid? Most fighters are in their twenties and you’re like seventy-two.” He scowled at me.

“Sixty-five, dumb ass, and the champ. I haven’t seen someone that good since you left my gym.” He liked to remind me that things got worse after I left.  “One things for sure we can’t get away with another camp of just me and you.”  He was right. I was able to get by on sheer will power last time, but this is the big leagues. Like a woman searching for love, my competition keep getting younger and I keep getting older.  “Save it, pop. I know, I know, when I left I changed.”

I’d heard this lecture enough already.

“Oh, he asked any plans tonight?”

He question made me realize I hadn’t taken any time for myself since I moved back here.  “Uh, no. Why?”

“Oh no reason.”  “Dad?” I tried to stare at him and let my eyes bore holes through his head.  He didn’t flinch or even bother to notice me.  “What?” The sly bastard was playing coy. The man could be crafty when he needed to be. Or he just knew me too well.

“You’ll just have to find out.”

The flight attendant came on over the intercom to inform to prepare for take off.

“This isn’t over old man.” I spat.

Snore.

Goddamnit how did he fall asleep so fast? 

Chapter 24

It was a set up. It always had been.

After a fairly boring plane ride, we arrived home. Back in the hot, humid, melting pot that is South Texas. My home.

Pushing through the wall of humidity we returned home. Mom already had dinner ready, almost like she knew when we’d be here.

“Smells good mom.” I yelled walking to the door way.

She came half walking, half running through the doorway. She grabbed me tight. Her head landed at my chest and felt the stream flow.

Staunching my own wound, I stopped her “Don’t make me cry right now mom.” I sighed. 

“I’m sorry honey, you just did so well, and I was so scared. I’m happy you came straight home.” She looked scared. Damn, that hurt. 

Knock.

When I turned I only just realized what was happening. The dining room table was fairly big. Room enough for five or six people, but the table was set for two. 

Knock. Knock. 

I my mom was dressed up. Well relatively speaking, she had on a plain shirt and jeans, purse on her shoulder. 

“Where are you going?”

Oh, you know, just out. Me and your father don’t have much down time with a man child in the house.” She laughed at me.

I sighed. 

Knock. Knock. Knock. 

“Who is that?”

“Well ok sweetie, we’re heading out. Have fun.” She waltzed away from me. Elegantly dodging my attempts to pull her back. 

She made it to the door. I moved, quick. Flashes of the octagon appearing in my peripheral vision. To her credit, my mom had aged gracefully. Light feet and a dancer’s dexterity, allowing her to move swiftly. She grabbed the handle. It turned. The pull.

She stood there, radiating elegance. Her eyes. Those green eyes. She could always see through me. Straight through the bullshit, straight into my heart. 

Mom hugged her. They squeezed tight, a mother and her long lost daughter. 

Mom was gone. I was frozen. Lisa was not. Every movement sent shivers down my spine. She moved closer. Each step taking my breath away. 

Finally she moved pass me and to the table taking her seat.  “Are you going to sit down, or just gawk at me?”

She cut the tension. Why was she here?

I took my seat across from her. 

“Uh, um, hi.” I stammered. My mind had gone blank. Sobriety sucked. When had I lost my charm.

“So, looks whose back on top. Number one contender, in line for another shot, eh?” Her tone was mocking.

“Why are you here?” I needed to know. 

“I don’t know. More of a favor to your mother, but I’m not fooled. I hate that I love you so much.” Damn. She knew how to cut me. 

“Wait. You watched my fight?” 

“Yes.”

“But you’ve never watched my fights. Not even when I fought in the streets for fun.”

“You say you changed. You fell apart.” 

“Yes. I’m nothing.” 

“Get over yourself. Despite your self destruction you’re exactly where you left off.” 

“But I’m not the same.”

“How do I know that Chuck? How do I know that you won’t leave again? I won’t let you hurt me again. What can you do to ensure me the fame won’t knock you off the wagon again? Cause I don’t deserve that, not again.” I could see the tears forming. 

In my rush to the top, I never realized who I hurt along the way. I couldn’t, I was drowning in my own success. Pushing off each and every problem with another win, with another shot, another line. 

For the first time, I felt her pain. Nicole danced through my head. Blonde hair shimmering, face ethereal. 

She spoke in slow, distant voice, “You never knew me. I was simply an accessory to your lifestyle.”

I was next to Lisa now. 

I love you.

I wrapped my arms her. She didn’t react, but I heard her sob.

“I’m not person anymore. I want you, mind, body, and soul. Come with me. Come with me back to top. If I fall again, then leave. If you can’t trust me, I can’t trust myself.”

I love you. I love you.

She was crying now. Real tears. My heart was heavy. Her hurt became my hurt. How could I ever do this to such a beautiful soul?

She opened her arms. She let me in. In that moment we put our hearts together. We shared our sorrows, our triumphs, our souls.

I love you. I love you. I love you. 

I could barely hear her but she spoke, “I’m giving you my heart. I’m trusting you again, don’t make me regret it.”

The words broke free from my mind, leaving my lips, for the first time with real emotion, real intent. 

“I love you.”

Chapter 25

“What’s next for Chucky Miles?” The TV boomed throughout the gym. 

Why was it so damn loud?

“Well we don’t know yet. No one has heard a peep from the former rising star of the MMA world. After a two year absence, Miles showed up from the abyss and avenged his loss to Daniel Rodriguez via knockout in the third round.” 

That was intentional. I wasn’t in the right head space to deal with the media circus that comes with the wins. The more win, the more they want to see you. Hear you. More appearances, more money, more fame, more drinks, more lines.  “Breaking news coming at you live. Big shakeups coming to the light weight division. The champion, Diego Rojas, has pulled out of his scheduled fight against former lightweight champion, Vladimir Popov.”

Damn that was big news.

Dana was on now giving out the UFCs next move.

“Ya it sucks. You know I love Rojas. But we’ve got something even bigger planned.”

They allowed a moment of dramatic pause.  “We’re keeping the event at the end of the year. We’re gonna replace Rojas with Chuck Miles for the interim belt.”

What the fuck. Another fight this soon?  “DAAAAAAD.” I bellowed across the gym.  No response.  Never here when I needed him most.

As if reading my mind he stumbled into the gym.

“You see the news?” He asked with a big dumb smile on his face.  “Are you gonna explain this? We just got out of camp.”

“Perfect timing! You’re already lighter post weight cut. It’s not like you had much to cut anyway.”

“That doesn’t make it suck any less.”

“Ya well how many other opportunities are you gonna get like this again?” I hate when he’s right.

We needed a real camp though. Rodriguez was good but Vlad was better.  “Dad we need people. I need to spar, I need to be pushed.”  “Was addiction not a big enough push for you? The DUI maybe?”

“Alright, no need to be an asshole. But you know what I mean.”  “Yes son, I do. That’s why I called in some favors.”

The front door swung open. In walked the most self obsessed bastard in my life. He was shirtless, in some jean shorts and flip flops, riddled with lean muscle, a scruffy beard, long hair down to his shoulders.  Goddamn it. It’s been at least a decade 

“Brooooo!” He yelled. He kicked off his flip flops and charged at me. He grabbed me fiercely and pulled me close.

“I’m sorry man. I’m so sorry. I would have come sooner if I knew. I didn’t use my phone at all in Thailand.” he was crying because of course he was. That’s what he did, even an empath.

“Its ok. Damn it man let me go you’re squeezing my ribs.”

He dropped me, wiping tears from his eyes.

I looked him up and down. He looked good all things considered. Mich better than the last time I saw him.  “How was Thailand?”

His face lit up. Huge smile spreading across his face, “Fucking awesome man. You wouldn’t believe it. Nothing but muy Thai, partying, and women. So many women.” He was day dreaming.

Dad was watching not saying anything. For a split second I saw a tear fall from his eyes.

“No more of this hugging shit. We have three months to get ready for a tough bastard.” Always the dad, he rarely let his emotions slip.  He walked up and grabbed both of us. He pulled us in close.  “My two boys back here again. Back in my gym. Just like old times.” He couldn’t stop it now. More than a couple years this time around.  Of course my brother was bawling.  “I love you dad. And I love you Chuck. Fuck come here man.”  He forced me back into his grip. Squeezing tighter and tighter with every tear that fell.

“Ya, I love you too Carl. Let’s fucking train already.”

Chapter 26

Carl has always been a whirl wind. Crazy emotions, crazy, passion, and above all else he was a crazy ass fighter. 

This morning he sat at the kitchen table doing nothing in particular. Mom was scurrying around the kitchen. The kitchen was a mess. Pots and pans everywhere, bowls, plates, silverware. Underneath the chaos, she never stopped smiling. She was the happiest I’d seen her since my childhood. 

Our waitress hurried to our table with cups of coffee. 

“So hun, what can I get you breakfast.”

Carl mused, then he mused some more. “Hmmm.” He rubbed his hand through his beard. “I think I’ll take the pancakes.”

“Too bad, dad says no food until after your morning workout.”

“Why’d you even ask?” Mom was laughing hysterically. She got a chuckle out of me. Laughter felt good. 

Carl ever the bad sport, rolled his eyes. 

“What’s up with you and this Vlad guy anyway.” He tried to ignore the hyena nearly falling over with laughter. 

“Uh, seriously?” It was pretty big news in the MMA world at the time. The rising star versus the long time champion. A tale as old as martial arts. 

“Ya, I told you I didn’t use my phone in Thailand. I was training.”

“Carl, you’ve been in Thailand for four years. Are you telling me you didn’t use your phone for four years?”

“Correct.”

“How’d dad even get in contact with you?”

“I mean I get mail. Duh.” I was dumbfounded. There’s no way this guy is my brother. It’d been too long since we shot the shit like this. 

“You fucking piss me off sometimes. We went a little too far before our first fight. Almost ended in a parking lot brawl.” 

“Damn, and he knocked you the fuck out, huh? 

I picked up an apple and hurled it at him, he narrowly dodged it. 

“I just needed to see own it.” Of course, the hyena was still laughing, egging him on. 

Where’s that guy that was around. You know?”

“No, Carl I don’t know. Especially, not with anything you say.”

“Uh, that fair I guess. He name was something like Grove or Baker. I don’t know, the cocky little guy. Always had a fake Rolex on.”

“You mean, Rob.”

He clapped, “Ya that’s him Rob Fucking Banks. How could I forget a name like that?” He howled with laughter. 

“We had a falling out. It’s not really important anyway.” 

“Ya, fuck’em. That’s what I always said. He was too fake. Fucking guy, I can’t believe he recruited you. I told you who he was.” I do have to give Carl credit there. For all his quirks he was very good with people’s demeanor. 

“More importantly what about you and that little firecracker. LIZZIE.” He roared as she walked through the door. 

Carl being Carl, he nearly broke her in half with his bear hug.

She sat down next to me. We kissed, my cheeks flushed. 

Was this happiness? Do I deserve this? 

Interlude 3

Rob Fuckin Banks. 

That’s his name. Wasn’t always his name though. 

Rob sits in his office alone. 

The room way too big for one man. He sat towards the back with his massive desk and luxurious office chair in the center of the room. The walls were littered with his greatest achievements. The degree from that backwater community college. His most prized possession law degree from Rice. In the center, bold with capital letters, “Robert Franklin III.”. He smiled at hit. It was a long road to get to this point. Worth every struggle.

Besides the personal achievements, were the many champions that he mentored. The newest edition, Johnny Law. Like Rob, he wasn’t always Johnny Law. When he found him he was still boring ole, John Keller. Buzz cut, badge, and straight laced morality. Super cop. 

What a life he lived. But something still sat in the back of his brain. 

As if the universe was entertaining his torment, Chucky’s face invaded his screen. 

It was from his most recent fight. Damn good one too. He looked like the same man, but something was different. The picture was him covered in sweat and his opponent’s blood. His face showed no emotion. 

Rob sighed. He reached for his glass. Empty. Fuck.

He reached for decanter. Empty. 

He pulled open his drawer. He only found empty baggies, empty pill bottles, and empty memories. 

Rob Fuckin Banks. Rob Fuckin Banks.

His chest tightened. Breath shallow. 

He moved from his office seeking his current wife. He found her lounging in the living room. Sitting there she looked like an empress, she was absolutely stunning. But she wasn’t the who started all this. Not the one that who held him up, the one that stayed after every slip or fall. 

The one that got away. He’ll always remember the day she left. 

“Rob Fuckin Banks. Rob Fuckin Banks. Rob Fuckin Banks. That’s all it is with you Robert.” She screamed that at me. I deflected. 

“Baby, one day it’ll all be worth it. I promise.” He knew it was empty, but he didn’t know emptiness yet. 

“At what cost Robert? I can’t see this anymore. After all I did for you? Fuck you Robert.” She left that day.

The memories were flooding in. He stopped thinking. He took her there. 

She yelled out, 

Rob Fuckin Banks. Rob Fuckin Banks. Rob Fuckin Banks. Rob Fuckin Banks. 

Robert died that day. He didn’t know if Robert still lived somewhere inside, beneath, all the drugs, money, booze, and sex. The scarier thought, he didn’t know if he wanted Robert to come back. 

The fling was brief. It ended almost as fast as it started. He was unfulfilled. Empty. 

Another passing day, another passing urge, another passing face, another passing feeling. 

As he laid there, his new wife left him. He laid there. The thoughts laid with him. He couldn’t shake them. He couldn’t let them take him. Not again.

He was 

Rob Fuckin Banks after all.  Chapter 27

“Mile High Club. You’re welcome.” Carl sniggered.  “You’re just full of bad ideas, huh.” I said melodramatically.

“Shut up you two. You know the drill get this run in.” Dad shouted.

Without much delay, Carl and I took off.

“Damn Chuck just like old times.”

“Ya, it’s been years. Who would’ve thought we’d be back here.”

“Me, actually.” This fucking guy.

“Why on earth would you think that.”

“Dunno. I just kinda knew. It’s why I never got a job. Or did anything else but train. Now I’ll just work here. Maybe fight.”

“When did you decide all of this.”

“11 or 12.”

“I hate you.” I mumbled picking up the pace.

He matched me. Our intensity picking up. We were never outright competitive with each other, but we’d never let the other win a race.

We damn near sprinted the last mile.

Both breathing heavy, collapsed in front of our parents house.

Huffing and puffing, I barely managed to get my words out, “What’s next Carl.”

“Fuck man, death probably.”

“I’m serious Carl. You’ve always had the talent just never the drive.”

“For what? To be Americas next biggest crashout?”

“Thanks.” I punched his arm.

“Its not worth it. Besides you Carl. Look at everyone else. I don’t love what comes with all the bullshit around fighting. I love fighting itself.”

“Is that why you’ve been in Asia.”

“Not entirely.” A large smile slowly crossed his face. “The girls Chuck. They love me. It was glorious. All I did was fuck and fight. The women never made me choose either. I had found peace and harmony.”

“Then why’d you come back?”

“Well first and foremost my brother was fucked. Of course I was gonna come back. Second, I do desire to lead a normal life at some point. The one thing I missed was real love.”

“I know what you mean buddy.” I clapped him on the back.  Chapter 28 

The spotlight came calling.  It was only a matter of time. I couldn’t isolate myself my UFC responsibilities forever.  Things were moving fast. Too fast.

The weight cut has beginning to weigh on me for the first time. I looked hollow. Felt hollow. Now I returned to Sin City.  Vegas never closes, never shut downs. At every moment every vice is available to you.  I felt it immediately. Walking through the airport seeing the gambling machines.  Thump.

My mouth was dry. I could use a drink.

My dad looked at me. He snapped in front of my face. Snapping me out of my trance

“Hey get your head on straight. We’ve already done this once.”

“Ya, pop I know.”  We kept walking. I could feel something locking in on me. Honing. Stalking.

“Chucky “The Chosen” Miles.” I’d recognize his voice for the rest of my life.  Rob Fuckin Banks.

Thump. Thump.  Suit immaculate, hair slicked, watch blinding. His machismo was on full display.  “Hey, Rob.” We shook hands. My dad stepped up next to me protectively.

“And former Olympic hopefully, Charles Miles.”

My dad lowered his eyes. He never saw a man, only a wolf in a nice suite. No sheep’s clothing required.

“Rob.” He said tersely and moved on. “I’ll catch up with you son.”

“Chucky how you been?”

“Good Rob.”

“I caught that last fight you’re looking good out there champ.”

Thump. Thump. Thump.

My heart. Not again.

“Listen I gotta run, but let’s grab some dinner tomorrow.”

I was nervous. Not again.  “Sure, Rob, but just dinner.”

“Of course, Chucky. Nothing else.”Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump.

Chapter 29

The dinner was nice. Dinner with Rob always reflected what you saw. 

Expensive steaks, delicious sides, premium service, expensive wines. 

“Hmmm, damn Chuck, this wine is good.” He smacked his lips loudly. 

“That was a good fight too Chucky. I mean goddamn, that right hook. Kid it was beautiful. Now another shot at gold. Well you know not real gold, but one step before.” 

“What do you want Rob.” I asked sternly. 

“Nothing Chucky. You’ve always been one of my best friends.” For a split second I thought I saw a sparkle in his eye. A tear? 

“One sec, Chucky. Restroom break.” He was rubbing his nose. 

I sat there picking at my food. I loved Rob, but fuck. 

A rough Russian accent cut through my thoughts. 

“Ah, the Chucky Miles.” Vlad walked up to my table. He had on a black turtle neck, with a blue sports coat. Hair short with a beard. He looked very Russian. 

“Vlad.” I nodded. 

He was staring at me. I could feel those icy blue eyes. 

“You know, Chucky, you might only the man to ever catch me. Sure, the Johnny beat me, but he could never hurt.” He was smiling wickedly. 

“I can’t wait Chucky to fight again. I’m hoping you’ve learned the real price of glory. We’ll find out soon. I’ll know Chuck, if not I’ll break you again. I’ll send you back to bottom where you belong.” 

Rob returned. He looked different. His eyes were wild. Hair a mess. 

He came out strong, “Fuck you Vlad. And your stupid fucking manager. Go back and fuck your cousins in bumfuck Europe.” Somone from Vlad’s entourage that I hadn’t seen gather behind, grabbed. A huge bear of a man. 

Vlad said something in Russian and he dropped Rob. 

“Keep your insults, you snake. I know what you are, you schill. You’re aren’t shit, you’re a fraud.” Vlad spat. “Do the right thing Rob. Don’t ruin the man again, like you’re ruining the law man.” Vlad kept his cool, wicked smiled like a wolf, showing his teeth. They calmly walked away. 

“Fucking assholes.” Rob yelled. 

“C’mon Chuck. Fuck this. Just like old times.”

He reached a hand. In his hand a small vial with white powder. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. 

I took it. I downed the glass of wine. 

I fell off the wagon. 

Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. Thump. 

Chapter 30

Lisa landed in Vegas. She had already heard the tales. What kind of city this was. She’d seen what it could do to a man first hand. 

The flight was calm. Nothing too notable. Expect for that press conference. That damned pressed conference. It had started before she boarded. She only caught glimpses before take off. 

She could see it already. She knew the signs. But she needed to confirm. She needed to know. Had love eluded her again? Maybe she was just one of many bodies? 

She pushed through. The Uber ride to the hotel was a cage of boiling emotions. 

Lisa tried to contain herself but she was rushing. She rushed through airport. Through the hotel lobby. Through the hallways. Until the room. 

She approached slowly. 

“Chosen.” Chuck’s word echoed through he mind. She was there when he created the chosen. 

He would always yell, “Chosen, baby. I’m Chosen.” 

Cocky asshole. 

She knocked on the door meekly. Fear ravaging her mental. 

The door opened. No Chuck. Inside were Carl and Chuck’s dad. 

Carl at the door, his dad on the phone, “I don’t know. He just went to that damn dinner. Then it was all Chosen this. Chosen that. And he finished with “The Chosen is back.” It was like the devil got into  him.” He sighed. 

My tears were welling. I couldn’t believe him. 

“Lizzie.” Carl reached a sympathetic hand. 

He hugged me. 

“He’ll come back around Lizzie. You just have to give him a chance.”

“I don’t know how many chances I have left.”

Carl let me go and ushered me into the hotel. 

Their dad was ending his call, “Lizzie just got here. Ya. Ya. Love you too.” 

“Hey, Lizzie. I’m sorry. I trusted him too. I trusted him to handle himself. Fucking Rob.” 

Lisa sobbed. “How long? How long has he been gone?”

Their dad didn’t look at her. 

“It’s been days.” Carl said with a somber tone. 

Anger and sadness gripped her. Their seeds planting deep. She allowed Chuck in again. She gave him another chance. Old wounds ripped open.

She was losing her grip on her surroundings, she needed to let it out.

“I let you convince me Mr. Miles. You and Mrs. Miles. The two you told me that he had changed. He come back on his shield. It was a lie, he only he changed because he was forced. He never did it for any of us.” Lisa was balling. 

She was stupid. So stupid.

But that’s the price you pay to love the “The Chosen. Chosen. Chosen. Chosen.” 

Chapter 31

I woke with a banging in my head. It felt like someone soccer kicked my head inward. He pulse sent more pain shuddering down my body. 

I felt cold and limp. I struggled to gather the strength to stand up. My muscles were weak, aching. 

Fuck, how many days had it been? 

Fuck. Where’s Rob?

“Rob!” I yelled out. It came horse and scratching. I had no voice. Fuck. 