[SNAPSHOT — The Champ Draft 2 — CHAPTER 14 (kicked out → the road → the Oklahoma casino → blackout dream-fight → the cell door)]
[Intake 2026-09-07, chat paste, written 2026-09-07 (author: drawn from his own casino weekend).
Author rulings at intake: the blackout mid-scuffle is INTENTIONAL (no surfacing before the
cell); this arrest REPLACES the DUI scene in D2 canon. Verbatim.]

Chapter 14
“You gotta go.”
“What, why?”
“Because, you’re not going to waste away in this house.”
I hit the road. The road became my void.
I stared into the void and it guided me.
Finally, I had arrived at where it led me.
I walked into the neon hell, into the belly of the casino.
The smell of smoke danced along my nostrils, luring me deeper. I followed the crowded trails, surrounded by all walks of life.
The elderly crowded the lobby and the slot machines. Each dying in their own right, slowly tapping the button endlessly.
Parents walked their children through the floor. Young adults flocked around each other, monopolizing the card games.
My vice was never the coin.
I found the nearest bar. A spire in the middle of the floor. The bar top had little screens each with their own game. There was no getting away from these damn things.
“Aren’t you Chucky Miles?” The bartender asked.
“Um, something like that. Let me get a double jack and coke. Oh, and a shot of jack.”
“I fuckin knew it. Give me one second.” The bartender scurried away.
I sat there, tapping the bartop impatiently. I just wanted a god damn drink.
The bartender returned with a man in a sports coat.
“Mr. Miles, I’m so glad you’re here with us in Oklahoma. We want you to have the best experience possible. So, just for you, drinks are on the house, and here’s ten thousand in chips.” He smiled, creepily.
“Hey, thanks man. You want a shoutout or anything?” I asked.
“No, sir. That’s quite alright. Please enjoy your night. Last thing, here’s a complimentary room on us.” We shook hands and he darted in a different direction.
“Hit.” I demanded.
The dealer pulled another card.
“Bust.”
“God fucking damnit. Listen, buddy, I know you’re rigging this game.”
The pit boss stepped closer behind the dealer.”
“Sir, I assure you there is no cheating of any sort.” The dealer said plainly.
“Ya, I’m sure. I’m just fuckin with you George.”
“My name is Miguel, sir. George rotated several hours ago.”
“Ah, man. I knew someone was missing. I loved that guy.” I nearly fell out of my chair shifting my weight.
A passing security guard caught me.
“Woah, careful there sir.”
“Thanks, man.” I shoved a handful of chips into his hand.
I started walking away, trying not to hit the passing occupants.
I side stepped a run away wheelchair, slamming into a slot machine behind me.
Another arm grabbed me.
I threw my shoulder back hard, forcing the hand off me, “Watch the fuck out man.”
“Sir, calm down before we call the cops.”
There were more security guards around me. They were mostly older and out of shape.
“Listen, rent-a-cops, give me some space.” I warned.
They moved in unison, trying to contain me.
A bright light flashed into my eyes.
I dodged, Vlad’s incoming jab. I attempted to slip past his guard, but he went for a takedown immediately.
I caught his arm on the way in this time. I could see where I went wrong last time.
This time, I shoved him. I connected with a jab square in his face. He fell. I quickly jumped on top of him.
The ref threw me off, as I celebrated.
“AAAAAAAAAAAAND, NEW LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD!”
I screamed as I waited for my hand to be raised.
The president of the UFC slipped the belt around my waist, as the referee raised my hand.
“Chucky!”
“Chucky!”
“Chosen!”
Thump. Thump.
The cell door slammed, as the gold melted away.
