[SNAPSHOT — The Champ Draft 2 — INTERLUDE 2 (Nicole, the bridge) — TAKE 3, DECLARED FINISHED]
[Intake 2026-08-29 from Google Doc "Interlude 2 take 3" (id 11cCcIQBy9HG2aLywJCnM0k-rSdYeb0FL_YYqt2lBrqc),
author tense-fix pass applied. Supersedes the 08-27 PARTIAL (take 1). Verbatim.]

Nicole stares at herself in the mirror. She traces each line and touches every blemish.
“Damn.” She mumbles to herself.
Nicole checks the time and sees the notification for the upcoming interview.
Nicole walks through the luxury penthouse. The irony of the situation eating away at her.
She clicks on the TV.
“I’m here with the new UFC welterweight champion, Johnny Law. How does it feel to finally climb the mountain?”
She stares at Johnny on the tv.
His shirt open, tattoos dancing on his skin, the clean cut lawman was all but dead.
Thud.
The memories rush back to Nicole.
“You know what? You’re fucking crazy, I don’t need this.” Her father slams the door on his way out.
Nicole hears her mother crying. She quietly walks to her. They embrace.
Thud. Thud.
Nicole followed all the beautiful girls she saw online. She became what men always desire.
The many different fathers that came and went in her life, all ending the same way.
Thud. Thud. Thud.
Harold stalks through the apartment.
“Nicole get the fuck out here.”
Nicole listens, appearing in front of the angry lover.
“What’s with all these slutty pictures you post?”
Nicole’s eyes ran wet, “I’m just expressing myself. None of these are slutty, it’s literally just a picture of my new hair. Don’t you fucking call me that.”
Harold roars, “Don’t you dare fucking cuss at me.”
His fist collides with the wall next to her head.
Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.
She stays in for the night.
A loud man in an incoherent mumble disrupts her sleep.
The man attempts to take his clothes off before falling in the bed.
“Chucky? What the fuck?”
An incoherent mumble responds.
“It’s four am, Chuck. I have work in a few hours.”
More mumbles.
She looks at the wreck of man. How had she not seen what was happening to him?
Chuck is covered in his own drool, hickies on his neck, the smell of perfume, powdered nose, and the reek of liquor.
“Enough is enough.” She says storming through the door. Chuck hadn’t bothered to open his eyes.
Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.
Nicole and Lindsey leave the club. Another successful girls night in the books.
“Seriously, girl, Johnny?”
Nicole shrugs.
“Come on, spill?” Leslie pleads.
Nicole sighs, “Uhg, he’s changed so much.”
The girls see an expensive car pull up to the curb. The door opens and someone yells.
Nicole turns to see Rob Fuckin Banks.
“Rob?”
Rob’s face briefly displays shock before he pulls it together.
“Oh, Nicole, Leslie.” Rob winks at Leslie, “Pleasure as always.”
“Uh, Rob, aren’t you supposed to be in Vegas with Johnny?”
Rob’s face stays stone cold.
“PJ’s. How many have you been on by now?” Rob grins.
“Rob, hurry the fuck up!” A familiar voice yells.
Rob starts walking towards the car.
Johnny pokes his head out, “Rob we still have a party to get to, and my girl has a friend.”
Rob hustles into the car and it speeds off.
Nicole stands there, blank faced.
