Chapter 6
The never ending windows showcased the beautiful Las Vegas strip. The UFC offices reflected the new titan that they had built.
Rob and I walked into their meeting room. A massive wooden conference table took center stage. At the end of the table sat the UFC president. A glare gleaming off his bald head.
“Chucky! Pleasure to get you back in here.” The president swooned.
“Of, course, Dave. Always happy to be here.” I said taking my seat to Rob.
Dave eyed Rob, precariously, “Look who’s been shopping.”
Rob grabbed his wrist, “What? This old thing. Just a novelty.”
Dave laughed, “Shut the fuck up, we both know what that watch is worth and its well into six digits.”
“Watches later, business first Dave.”
Dave pouted.
“Alright, get the stick out of your ass. Kid, we got big plans for you. The first real American star in some time.”
My head was pounding, I could barely hear what he was saying.
“Thanks.”
“I expected, uh, more of a oomph.”
“Sorry, Dave been a long night.”
“Part of being a star kid, get used to it. So we’re looking to get you back into the ring in the next few months or so, maybe sooner.”
My ribs ached.
“Sounds good. Give me the contract and let’s get this going.”
“Here are some options. All young, up and comers. Personally, these kids don’t stand a chance, but I’ll let you decide.” He spread out fighter profiles like they were classified documents.
Rob grabbed a couple and went over them. I stared at the table.
“Let’s see he’s undefeated. He’s undefeated. Dave what the fuck is this? You said tune up fight.”
“What do you want me to do Rob? Vlad’s cleaned out the division and most of the elite are aging out. It’s time for guys like Chucky here.” Dave smiled at me.
“Are any of these guys in the top ten or even close? There’s no fucking way we’re going to fight down with some unranked killers.”
“I’m spread thin Rob. We need our superstar out there.”
“Ok, fuck here’s one. This Rodriguez kid or what ever the fuck his name is. Rank seven and on a skid. Whatcha think champ?”
“Chucky?’
“Chuck!”
“CHUUUUCK!” Rob snapped in my face.
“Fuck, what. God damn it.”
“Pay attention. Rodriguez what do you think?”
I grabbed the pen next to me, “Ya sure, whatever. Give me the damn contract.”
I took the piece of paper next to Rob and scribbled my name across the dotted line.
“Chuck, what the fuck is wrong with you? This fight is under what we could demand.”
Dave was already rising and heading for the door. “Well, gentlemen, seems like you guys have some things to discuss. See you a couple months Chucky, I can’t wait.”
“Dave you just fucked me and you know it.” But Dave had scurried out of the door.
“Chucky, you’re fucking with my money.”
“What about it, Rob? I gotta go anyway.”
“We’re not done here Chuck.”
“Yes, we are.”
Rob sighed, “Drinks are you.”
