[SNAPSHOT — The Champ Draft 2 — CHAPTER 19 (the comeback presser: Vlad on the same card; the lounge coffee)]
[Intake 2026-09-08 (delivery day, written at work in Reedsy), chat paste, as-is. Author labeled it
"Chapter 18" in the paste — renumbered to 19 on his word (18 = the date). Ruling at intake: THE
MACHINE (Dave) makes the Vlad fight — supersedes the ruled CALLOUT. Verbatim.]

Chapter 19
Here I was again.
The show, the lights, the girls. They circled around me, sharks closing in on chum.
I’d fought my whole life. For no reason in particular, I just knew battle called to me. I’m just my father’s son. The only man left by my side now.
I sat at the table waiting for the rest of the fighters. Being lower on the card meant I came out sooner.
“Vladimir Popov!”
Vlad walked across the stage all business. He sat down with equal determination.
Vlad eyed me from across the table. He sat on the other side, where the red corner usually sits.
I drummed my fingers across the table. I didn’t know how to do this shit anymore.
Finally, the UFC president saved me from my thoughts.
“Welcome everyone! We have another amazing slate of fights coming up. Let’s not waste anymore time.”
I sat through what felt like thousands of questions. Each fighter building their own narrative, trying to draw eyes to their fights.
“Don’t ask me such a stupid question. Of course I’m going to win. He’s fucking soft as baby shit.” One of the fighters shot off.
The crowd ate it up.
I peeked at Vlad. He sat there with is usual coldness, looking uninterested in the whole spectacle.
A middle aged man walked up the microphone after the noise died down, “My question is for you Vlad. How does it feel to see the return of Chucky Miles?
Vlad cleared his throat, “It makes no difference to me who is in the division and who is not.”
“Would you say that Chucky has been your hardest fight so far?”
“No, my biggest fights are usually with my wife.”
The man laughed, “So, you don’t think he almost caught you? I mean, I thought it was lights out at one moment.”
“Maybe. It doesn’t matter, I train for the deep waters. As you saw, Chucky, was not ready for where I took him.”
I could feel the thousands of eyes attack me. I sat in silence as another question came our way.
I tried to duck as many as I could but they caught up to me.
The young lady at the stand spoke, “Oh, no Chucky, you’re going to answer this question.” The crowd backed her.
I was too sober for this shit.
“How are you feeling after three years away from the sport?”
“Uh, good. I’ve been training hard.”
“Really?” She asked.
I shrugged.
“Ugh.” She walked off.
Another man took his turn.
“Chucky, do you expect another title fight if you win this fight? Vlad has basically cleared out the division, setting you up nicely for a rematch.
Vlad spoke for me, “No, he shouldn’t and no he wouldn’t.”
The UFC president finished the question for us, “We’ll see how Chuck looks tomorrow night, but yes he’ll be in line for the title.”
The crowd exploded.
Finally over I took a second to decompress. I fidgeting and cold. I wanted a drink.
“Couldn’t stay away, eh, Chucky?” The vaguely familiar Russian accent crept into my consciousness .
He walked into the figher’s lounge, making himself a coffee.
“You know, Chuck, I’ve seen many fighters try to climb the mountain. They always talk about how they want the belt, how they’ve always strived for it. It’s all bullshit.”
I chewed on his words, “Maybe. Maybe, not.”
“That’s what they all say. Good luck out there, Chuck.”
