[SNAPSHOT — The Champ Draft 2 — CHAPTER 23 (mom's dinner: the cider, "Show me" paid — "Maybe, we can just go slow.")]
[Intake 2026-09-08 (delivery day), chat paste with the author's three fixes applied (wine →
sparkling cider; pronoun fixed; told close cut — ends on Lisa's line). Fresh rewrite of D1 Ch24.
Verbatim.]

Chapter 23
Finally, back at home.
I opened the door to the smell of home cooking.
My mom rushed out of the kitchen, “Oh, look at you.” She planted a big kiss on my cheek.
I bent down to hug her, “Hi, mom.”
“You looked so good out there, honey. I’m so proud of you.”
“What’s for dinner?”
“Just some pasta.”
“Ok, I’m gonna go wash up real quick.”
I walked away, imagining a home made bowl of spaghetti.
I was none the wiser to what was unfolding around me.
I walked back into the dining room to find a lit candle and a bottle of sparkling cider.
“Mom, what is this?”
“Mom?”
She finally came back with her purse over her shoulder.
“Don’t fuck it up.” She whispered before scurrying outside.
Confused, I looked around. Frustrated, I sat down. At least she made me a plate, but why were there two?
“Hi, Chuck.” Lisa came out from the kitchen. She was dressed plainly, her beauty shining through the candle light.
“I didn’t expect this.” I said.
“Well, neither did I. You owe your mother one, and don’t forget to tell her you love.”
“Thanks, sis.” I chuckled.
“Oh, shut up, weirdo. Did you already start eating?”
I had already twisted a long string of spaghetti around my fork.
“No.”
She sat down across from me. She popped the cider bottle open and poured us a glass.
“So,” I said, “How did my mom convince you to come here?”
“She, uh, she got me out of a jam a while back. This is her favor.”
I laughed harder than I wanted to.
“It’s not funny.”
“Isn’t it?”
We both laughed. She caught my eyes.
“Chuck, is this real?”
“What?”
“This. You. You looked good out there. I hadn’t seen you fight like that since before your title fight.”
“You watch my fights?”
“Hard not to, when they are being blasted all over the place. You’re pretty obnoxious, you know that?”
“So, I’ve been told.”
“But, Chuck, I’m scared. Not again.”
“It’s ok. You don’t have to. Some things can’t be taken back.”
She sighed, “Maybe, we can just go slow.”
