[SNAPSHOT — The Champ Draft 2 — CHAPTER 10 (Coach's office: broadcast, expulsion, John plant)]
[Intake 2026-08-31, chat paste + the author's two in-chat fixes applied same day (rules-list
verdict + "dim fire" line). Author notes it may grow later if time permits. Verbatim.]

Chapter 10
“Coming from the MMA desk, where has Chucky Miles been?”
I adjusted in my seat. I couldn’t wait to hear this.
“Miles last for a little over two years ago. Suffering a knock out loss to Daniel Rodriguez. The former ascending star has been seen throughout Las Vegas certainly living the high life, if nothing else”
I grabbed the remote and turned off the TV.
We were sitting in Coach’s office
“Is that what you brought me here for?” I asked.
I sat across from him in one of the faded chairs.
Coach, grunted.
“Chucky.” He sighed, “ Chucky, where have you been?”
“Busy.”
He leaned on his arms over the desk. The light overhead shined brightly off his bald head.
“I’ve seen what you’ve been up to. It's all over the news.”
A dim fire awoke in his eyes.
“Chuck, what were my rules when I first agreed to take you?”
“Ugh.” I let out. “Fight your ass off. Train hard. Don’t lose the fire.”
“That’s it. That’s all I ask of my fighters. Fight your ass off, train hard, and don’t lose your fire.” He remained stoic, “You’ve failed at every rule.”
“I’m just taking a break. Like a sabbatical.”
“Oh, no don’t worry. I have no problems with that. What I do have a problem with is you not training and not being there for John during his title fight.”
Oh, fuck. I had forgotten about that.
“Well shit, Coach, you finally got a champ to come out of here.”
He sighed, a slight drop in his mask, “What am I going to do with you?”
“Whatever you feel you need to do.”
“You can’t train here anymore, Chuck. I don’t have room for someone who doesn’t train or support their own here.”
I had walked out before he finished his sentence. I didn’t need him anyway.
The gym was still filled with stale air. The smell of sweat and blood soaked into this place’s soul. Leaving here was like leaving my first love all over again. Except this time I could process it.
I had my head and my hands in my pockets, when I bumped into someone tall. I met his gaze.
“Congratz, Champ.” I patted his stomach as I walked by, “Looks good on you.”
I was almost out of the door when he called me.
“It should have been you, Chuck.”
