The Longshoreman Series: Episode One- Vinny

Vinny fucking hated this job. He hated this fucking lifestyle. Just sitting here at this fucking dock almost twenty-four-seven.

Vinny never wanted to be a longshoreman. It was forced on him. He was just the next in a long line of longshoremen.

He was even here now. Right now, doing another late night job. It was never ending. The worst part, none of this shit was in the job description.

Vinny always had an idea of what to expect. He already knew of the union troubles and the shitty start. He wasn’t worried about that. It’s what they didn’t tell him about. The underbelly.

“Ayo, Vinny!” The voice echoed across the water. Right on time.

“Aye, Tony.” Tony’s older. Well not older than Vinny’s dad, but older than his oldest brother. Tony was dressed in a work coat, work jeans, work boots, hard hat, and safety glasses. His salt and pepper hair poked out at the bottom of his hard hat. Complete with the same aged beard and mustache.

“Good to see you Vin. Been gettin one too many rooks lately.” He appeared in earshot now.

“Ya. I know whatcha mean. Feels like they’re makin it easier and easier to get in, nowadays.”

“Oh ya, daddy’s boy. And you know how hard it is to get in.” Tony gave Vinny a playful jab on the shoulder.

“Fuck you old man.” Vinny chuckled.

“So, what’s on for tonight's docket?” Vinny asked.

Tony produced a clipboard. He slowly looked over the items on each line. Line by line. After he was done with the first page, he flipped it up to the second page.

“Let’s see here Vin. You know the usual. We got the rooks on the bullshit up front. They ain’t ready yet. Me and you, though we got something a little extra tonight.”

“Whatda ya mean, extra?”

“You’ll see. Don’t worry Vin, it’ll be just like every other team. We’ve done this hundreds of times at this point.”

“I know Tone, it’s not about that. I want to know why we’ve been moving so much extra weight? For what?”

“Eh, relax Vin. Leave those decisions to your dad. He’s always steered us right”

“I just wish he’d let me in sometimes. It’s gotta happen sooner or later.”

“You know how he started kid?”

“Yes, Tone. How many times you gonna tell me?”

“Every fuckin time Vin. He started right here. Doing bullshit like this. With people like me. You need these experiences kid. It’ll make you wiser.”

“Ya, ya, whatever. Let’s get to it already”.

Vinny and Toney shambled into the work truck.

They cruised through the dark port. Dark waves crashed against the piers. The normally calming ocean took on its dark environment. The crashing waves are ever ominous. Devoid of sound and life. Only the never ending dark, only interrupted by the occasional light.

Deeper and deeper they drove to the dregs of the port. What they had to do couldn’t see the light of day.

Towards the end of the maze of shipping containers they found their target.

“Here it is Vin.” They both exited the truck.

Vinny pulled out his packet of cigarettes. Marlboro Red’s the cowboy killers.

He patted on the bottom and pulled out a fresh one. He offered to Toney as they stood in front of the truck.

“No sir. Coming up on one year.”

Vinny lit his cigarette, taking in a deep breath.

He patted Toney on the back. “Contrograts Tone.”

“Thanks buddy. Now let’s get to it.”

Vinny followed Toney to one of the back stacks. The container was blue. Left unlocked, and unnumbered.

Vinny pulled the doors open. Toney showed his flashlight to cut through the darkness. Empty.

“Uh, Tone?” Vinny asked.

“Fuck. Hold on. God damn it.” Toney mumbled shuffling back to the truck.

Vinny stood there. He was cold. He was always cold at this goddamn dock.

“Hey Tone!” Vinny yelled. He was getting tired of this shit already.

“Tone!”

Vinny started walking back to the truck.

“TONE!”

Getting to the truck, he found Toney.

Toney’s hard hat rolled off beside him. His face was a bloody mess. A big gash was on his head. Someone beat the fuck out of Toney.

Vinny was scared now. He searched Toney’s body looking for the keys to the truck.

Frantically he patted down each pocket, until he heard the jingle.

He hadn’t looked around yet. The dark, now his enemy.

Vinny thought he could feel the air move around him. That’s not natural, even in this fucked up world of magic.

His anxiety rose. He struggled to grab the keys through his sweaty palms.

Something grabbed his throat. It was behind him. He clawed at whatever gripped his throat. His breath was gone. The darkness closed in on him. It attacked him. Forcing him into it.
