Part One


Chapter 1
“William!” The yell from the down the hall was loud enough to shake my door. 
“Will!” Again louder this time
As my eyes fluttered open, and I began to come to my senses a loud bang crashed into the door. 
My father crashed into my room almost ripping the door off its hinges. He was red faced and sweating. He had the sleeves of his dress shirt rolled up to elbows, he wore dress pants with gray stripes, complete with expensive black dress shoes, and an incredibly expensive watch. His black hair was slicked back and his face clean shaven. His brown eyes bore into with an explosive anger. 
“Goddammit, boy get up. My heir will not be late to his first day of college. We have a reputation to up hold goddammit.” 
“Ya, ya, dad. Calm down, just give me 10 more minutes.” I yawned beginning to roll over.
A wall of fire appeared where I began to roll over. I jumped up, yelling in surprise .
“Alright man I’m up.” I looked at my dad to see a tiny flame dancing on the tip of his finger.  “You could have lit me on fire!” 
“Shut up and get ready, we only have 30 minutes to get there. You’re lucky I don’t replace you with one of your brothers.” 
He turned and stalked off into the hallway. I love my dad but he’s obsessed with putting our family back on the throne. I don’t have the same aspirations, but as his first born son I don’t really have much of choice.  
“Tsk, tsk, little brother.” I didn’t need to turn to see who was in the door way. Still I had to face her head on. She fed on my weakness. I turned to see her in the door way with a huge smile. Gertrude. She wore a blue dress that elegantly wrapped around her body. She wore her hair down, in a regal manner. Of course she was sporting all kinds of jewelry, rings, necklaces, bracelets, the whole nine. She only stood to about my chest but she’s a powerful mage. She’s a junior at New York University, but the top of her class. She’ll have guilds and companies lining up out of the door to recruit her, but she has her sights set on my position. 
“If you’re not careful someone might take your position as heir.” 
“Bite me.” I retorted, struggling my way towards my bathroom. 
“I wonder. Will you be able to keep up at NYU? You weren’t even top of your class in high school. No sports, no extracurriculars. It’s a wonder father chose you over me or Elise. It’s only because of your magic power that you hold any merit.” 
It’s too early for her to be ripping into me like this. Fortunately, Elise moved out last year, or else they’d have teamed up on me. 
“You act like I asked for this. Maybe grow a dick.” I chuckled at my own joke. I could feel her glare burning into the back of my head. I ignored it and started to undress before she decided to follow me. 
“Loser.” Thankfully she walked away after seeing my shirt come off. I never wanted this feud that my sisters forced upon me. It doesn’t help that three of my half siblings were also after my position. My dad is all about power and he believes that he wasn’t strong enough to win the throne. That’s also why he had the most kids out of all the family heads. 
After taking a shower, I slicked back my hair and found a suit. For the first day, dad made sure I wore a suit. He was to accompany me on campus, as all the the heads do when their children first arrive at NYU. Picking out a fitted black suit, I put it on and prepared to fight the day or whatever motivational shit people say. 
“Hey, Willy you ready?” As I walked into the massive open hall way, my half brother Johnny was outside waiting for me. 
“All these fucking nicknames. Knock it off.” I said in a harsh tone. He chuckled. 
“Someones grumpy. I told you not to stay out all night. That’s what you get for partying and chasing tail. Anyway, you ready for the first day?” 
“Nah man. You know how much I fucking hate school. Quit acting like we haven’t known each other our whole lives.”
“Uh, we haven’t. Did you forget that dad only acknowledged us bastards after 10 years?” 
“So more or less?” I asked chuckling. He responded with his own chuckle. 
“Maybe if you actually apply yourself in college you’ll become the family’s first archmage in a century.” Johnny punched my arm. 
“Ha,ha. I guess, since dad seems to think that women aren’t capable heads of family. Elise or Gretch are more suited for the role. Even you are, you bastard!” We both shared a hardy laugh at my remark. 
“No time for that, I’ll become king. You can be my cup bearer.” Chuckling we rouned the hallway down the massive flight of stairs. Our house was massive, but so was every member’s of the noble families. All five of them. The five families had been around since colonial times and have effectively become the de facto rulers. Of course being apart of the Sinclair family mean that I was always to remember that I represent the family. My dad has a strong sense of family pride, that granddad had, and his father and so on. I seem to be the only one that didn’t get the pride gene. 
Johnny and I entered our gigantic marble kitchen, and settled at the island. The cook brought us some breakfast sandwiches and made herself scarce. The help were always kinda weird. I couldn’t quite put my finger on it but they always seemed uncomfortable around us. 
Just as we started eating, dad walked into the kitchen. He now fully wore his complete suit. He always nailed the old money important look. Even now in his late 50s, he looked like someone important, regal.  His presence was imposing, exuding confidence and demanding respect. 
“Let’s go. Finishing eating on the way. We have a lot to talk about.” He commanded. 
We didn’t say much and hurried to follow dad to the helipad. The first day of my life was just beginning and I had a bad feeling lingering on my shoulders. 


Chapter 2
“Will I expect you to be on the student council. If you don’t win president or vice president, then I expect you to be treasurer at least. You will also need to place in the top five academically. No frats, or any other club or order.” 
“Don’t worry bro, I got you. Together we’ll run this council and eventually the whole school” Johnny said, smiling at me. 
Dad eyed him wearily. 
“I’m happy the two of you are so close, but John don’t forget what we talked about.”
“Ya, ya. Will runs the family, I run the businesses. No need to worry old man, we’ll be the richest family in the world by the time Will and I are done with your legacy.” Dad glowered at him, as Johnny’s smile spread across his face. 
I don’t know if dad ever expected Johnny to rise to his station. He looked like dad and I. He had the dark hair, brown eyes, similar height, and same athletic build. The difference being in his nose and sharp features. I wonder why dad didn’t name him to run for king when the time came. But I had the feeling that one of my younger brothers was pegged for that honor. Dad is very traditional, that’s how I found myself as the heir. It’s always the first born son. 
“Starting today Will, everything is a competition. Your sisters will be praying on your downfall, and I expect them to orchestrate it. The other families will be there too, some will help you, some will hurt you, but remember one thing.  We are not friends with them. I cooperate with them from sheer necessity. One day they will all bow to us. Use them to further yourself. Everybody is a tool for your success don’t forget that, either of you.”  
The helicopter was finally landing. The big show was about to begin. I can’t say that I agreed with dad. I’ve been friends with the other families kids for all my life. I always wondered if they held the same kind of animosity that my dad felt. 
Landing on top of the welcome building, we were met by the dean, Stephen Wright. My dad and Mr. Wright immediately began to scowl at each other. The animosity they held for each other, made the air thick with tension. 
After what felt like an indescribable amount of time, Mr. Wright broke the tension with a smile.
“Ah, yes the Sinclair’s. I trust everything is going well Charles?” He smile was large and warm. Inviting. 
“Stephen, pleasure as always.” They shook hands. 
“Now you must be Will, the heir. And Johnny, the bastard.” He shook each of our hands in turn. When our hands touched, I could feel the power the presided inside him. It was a huge well of infinite mana. The feeling of power made me weak, and I felt my knees buckle slightly. 
“Will since you possess multiple types of magic, you will be apart of my class.” 
“What is this Stephen?” Dad butted in, anger rising on his face. “You’re no teacher.”
“Actually Charles, I was a teacher first. Recently there have been an increase in students that possess the potential to be an archmage. As the only archmage in New York, I took it upon myself to take up teaching again.”
“I did not agree to this. I paid for my brother to teach all my kids.” Dad’s fists were clenched now. 
“Yes, but to keep our students up to the standard we have here I will teach young Will here. Don’t worry George will teach Johnny, just like you asked.”
Dad didn’t speak as his eyes bore into Mr. Wright. “Very well then. But I will remember this. Kids give your siblings my best. I’ve made my appearance but I no longer feel the need to stay.” He turned and climbed back into the helicopter. 
“Now run along young ones, orientation is starting soon. Will please meet me at the main building at two’o clock.” Without another word he disappeared. 
“What the fuck?” I asked, staring at Johnny. 
“I thought that wasn’t possible.” He shared the same look of surprise. 
“I don’t know man. I don’t even know what’s going on.” The helicopter began to start up and we found the stairs heading down. We found our way to orientation. I spotted several of my friends and cousins from the families. 
I sat down in the back. Not too long after I drifted to sleep. 


Chapter 3
I was jolted awake by a hard slap across my face. I felt my mana rush to my hands as fire began to leak from the palms of my hands. When my eyes opened I was met with the piercing blue eyes of one of my best friends.
“Archie you fucking asshole.” I said chuckling. 
“Can’t have you giving us a bad name on your first day little Willy.” 
“Don’t call me that you oaf.” I heard Johnny laughing behind me. The bastard. 
“C’mon, grab your stuff. You too Johnny. I have to introduce you two to the council.” 
Archibald Duke was a mountain of man. He stood at six-foot-six, probably around 280 pounds and was pure muscle. He the dark of his father but inherited his mother’s blue eyes. Archie like me, was the heir to their family. He similarly did not use magic, and instead relied on his martial abilities. He was a champion fighter capable of defeating just about anybody in one on one combat. We basically grew up together, we are also cousins. My mom is a Duke, Mary Duke. 
We followed Archie’s massive frame out of the auditorium. We absentmindedly followed him as he lead us around campus. Before we knew it we had arrived at a peculiar little door that was off to the side. Archie walked up and some earth appeared in hand. He said some silent words and present his hand to the door. With a small flicker of light the door opened and we followed. 
“Archie, what the fuck was that?” I asked.
“Magic seal on the door. This area is reserved for only members of the families. Before you leave today, the two of you will be able to come and go as you please. The others should already be in.”
Ah, shit not the others. 
We were ushered into a massive circular room. The room had everything you could want out of a lounge. Snacks, drink machines, comfortable seating, beds, you name it. The worst was yet to come as I immediately noticed my sisters. They were dressed regally as usual. Hair perfectly straightened, jewelry shining, make up immaculate. Dad had pressed into us the importance of always looking the part. They looked very similar but Elise was taller and skinnier. She was a bookworm and the best one at that. They didn’t even acknowledge Johnny. The curse of a bastard. 
The children of the other families were present as well. They were drawn into each of their conversations and such, so they didn’t notice us as we walked. The families usually mingled with each other. Our family was different. Dad saw the other families as competition, not people to mingle with. 
Archie was already here apart of the Duke family. I noticed Edward Roth in a corner reading to himself. He was a sophomore and only a year older than me, he was one of two children that John Roth had. The Kennedy family were conversing with themselves, and with Henry the sole member of the Usher family. He was the youngest and was the last to come through NYU. Emily and Erick were twins, joined by their older sister Hellen. It was a light year for legacies. 
“Attention all!” Archie cried out, demanding the attention in the room. “Welcome our newest members of the legacy house. Treat as you would treat each other. I’m sure you all already know Will and his half brother Johnny. Elise get them their access to the house.”
Elise glared at him. “I told you not to boss me around you muscle freak.” She spat. My sister, elegant as ever. 
“Johnny go with Elise, Will come with me I need to show you something.” 
I had met the others before but, we were hardly close. Not compared to what we had with the Duke family.  We whispered greetings as we passed. I followed Archie to a gigantic spiral stair case on the other side of the room. It was tucked off to the side in it’s little cubicle. 
“Uh, what’s this now?” I asked. 
“Shush, it’s a long a climb.”
“I guess.” I sighed continuing to climb the never ending stairs. 
Finally after what felt like an eternity, we reached the top of the stair case. 
We arrived at a small loft like room, with an ordinary brown door in the back. 
“Why’d we come here?” 
“This here is the Hall of Heirs. Every single heir has a position in here.” Archie walked to the door and repeated the process he used to enter this tower. 
I followed him in and was floored by the prestige inside. Every head of family in history had a picture. In the middle of a room was a huge golden ornate table. The table showcased various events that have happened in history. Big beautiful oak chairs were spread out around the table. Each corner of the room had a different door that seemed to lead to somewhere else. 
“Today, William Sinclair, you join the Hall of Heirs.” Archie said walking up to the table. He grabbed a metal object that had the Sinclair family sigil on it. “It is my honor to induct you into the hall. Since their are no other heirs here it will just be us. Kneel.”
I followed Archie’s command and kneeled in front of him. 
“I Archibald Duke, here by induct William Sinclair into the Hall of Heirs. Do you swear to always work in the best interest of your family and the five families?”
“I do.”
“Do you swear to always protect your family and the five families?”
“I do.”
“Do you swear to give your life for your family and the five families?”
“I do.”
“Then I now bestow upon you the honor of being an heir. From now till your death you will always be apart of the hall. Your now honor bound to uphold loyalty and protection to five families. Rise.”
As I stood up I noticed the five figures in the room. All clad in dark robes, hoods over their heads. The object began to sizzle as it heated up. Then all five figure threw their hoods off revealing the five heads of the family. My dad stepped forward and grabbed the poker. 
“Welcome son.” Then he picked up my shirt and stuck the poker into my back. Pain exploded as the skin began to sizzle. 
“This sigil is the proof of your admittance into the hall. I have high hopes for you.”


Chapter 4
I could still feel the brand hours later. What fucking barbarians. What kind of tradition is that? Since then, I’ve felt a certain something attached to my mana. Whenever I call upon it, there is something else there. It can only be explained by the brand. Turns out they all have it, every single fucking heir and head of family. Dad said he’d explain the rest later. He also mentioned that the brand would take some time to take effect. Bastard. 
It was now one fifty, just about time for my first class. Why was it so late? Who knows. Mr. Wright is the only archmage I’ve ever met and the only one on the East Coast. The other two in the US are located at the other major magic colleges. Two more are located outside of the US. He teleported earlier. I didn’t even know something like that was possible. Do the heads know about his ability? I’m not sure what the outcome of his secret being discovered by the heads would be. Well, that was a problem for another time, and more importantly, not my problem. 
College so far hadn’t been bad. Well, ll I spent most of my time in the family’s tower. Everyone left, so I hadthe luxury of enjoying the space myself. After a little digging, I was able to find the drug stash. For today, I stuck to weed. I’d have to slow down my parting since I have responsibilities now. Granted, I still don’t want to be a stupid fucking head. I don’t have a choice anymore,e either, with this goddamn brand. At least I’d have Johnny with me, and he’d have all the hard stuff, like the businesses. 
In my absent-minded wandering, I didn’t realise where I ended up. I had wandered around the campus exploring before bumping into Mr. Wright. 
“Ah, the young Sinclair. On time, I do love punctuality.” Mr. Wright’s smile spanned ear to ear. 
Perfect.
“Yes, sir, Mr. Wright. Can’t wait to get started. Where are the others?”
“Well, Will, this will have to be a secret between the two of us. There are no other students. You’re the strongest student to attend New York University in a couple of decades, at least. No one else is suited to teach such a student who possesses this much latent potential.”
I knew I was strong, but it never occurred to me that I’d been this strong. I guess the surprise was on my face as Mr.Wright spoke up.
“It would appear that no one has told you just how much potential you possess. No surprise there. The Sinclairs have always been, hmmm, howI’d put this? They tend to downplay power, which is why I have decided to take over your teachings. You must learn to harness the power you hold. It is dangerous and, left unchecked, could kill you. Now, we have much to do.” 
“Wait. Who says I want to ascend to an archmage?” I asked. I hated that my life was being pulled out of my hands.
“Unfortunately, young one, you don’t have a choice here. Fate has smiled upon you, and your power will continue to grow until you can’t contain it. Now, no more doting, we must go. I need to see your baselines for mana control, spell control, and magical ability.”
Seeing no way out of it, I had no choice but to follow. One day, though, I would find my way out of this. I want to be free, but that comes later. 
Following the dean, we made our way out of the academic resource building. NYU is in downtown New York. The campus is spread across multiple buildings, tightly packed together, mostly within walking distance. Passing through the busy street, West 4th Street, I caught a glimpse of Emily Kennedy. Emily is two years older than I am, but we’ve always been friends despite what our fathers think. We didn’t have a chance to catch up earlier; unfortunately, Helen would disapprove. Her passing beauty caught the breath in my throat. Blonde hair falling to the middle of her back, perfect and straight. Her body was toned and athletic; she clearly worked out. I tried not to stare too long, lest I get lost in Mr. Wright. 
We kept walking until we found our way to the library. 
“I’m surprised more students don’t react to you, Mr. Wright,” I said. It was odd that almost no one stopped to say hi or acknowledge him.
“I’ve made it a point for the students and faculty to treat me as if I’m one of them. I roam the streets and the halls regularly.”
“Doesn’t that make you an easy assassination target?” 
“No, young Sinclair, no one would be stupid enough to do something like that. When you spend your life making friends and earning respect, enemies are few and far between.” 
“I think my ties to the families might get in the way of that.” I let out a chuckle. 
“Don’t worry about that now, but that’s what the founders created these many great colleges. Hopefully, you’ll use them to their maximum potential and not some elitist club.”
I didn’t reply, followed him into the library. The library was massive and gorgeous. A sleek, modern look, black and white floors shaped like a paradox, eloquently lit the path forward. The library had many levels, each filled with thousands of books. I was in awe, too in awe to follow Mr.Wright. He pulled me forward and into an elevator. He pushed a button in the lower left corner, which looked odd. A seal appeared, and he quickly summoned his mana to appease the seal. The elevator suddenly shot downward, faster than was possible from artificial mechanics. The elevator stopped fully and softly after what felt like stories of descent. We walked into a gargantuan concrete room with a small office to the side. The windows were mirrored, so I couldn’t see what was inside or who was. was 
“Welcome to our training facility, or one of them, at least. Tell me what you know of magic?” Mr. Wright asked.
I thought for a moment. “Magic is mana that is naturally formed in our bodies, like blood. Unlike blood, we can draw on mana to take form, almost always in our hands. The type of magic produced is predetermined at birth with no relation to genetics, or so we think.”
“Ah, that’s great, Will. The mysteries of magic continue to fascinate me. Also good to see that you’ve taken your studies seriously despite what your academic record says. Now, I want you to produce magic.”
I began to pull the mana inside of me. I felt it begin to pool into my hands. Fire erupted from my palms, becoming two pillars of light.
“Good, good. I understand that you can harness two types of magic, now do the other.”
Concentrating, I stopped channeling mana into my palms, and the fire sputtered out. I once again channeled mana back into my hands, but this time I focused on the earth. Dirt began to spill out of my palms, and I allowed it to pile up under me slowly. 
“Good, now do both at the same time.”
“Uh, I can’t do that,” I said. It was impossible for me; I’d seen it done, but no one could explain it to me. 
“Just try for now.” 
Stopping the channel, the earth stopped forming in my palms. I tried to channel both elements into my palms. I strained, trying hard, to no avail—nothing formed in my hands. 
“OK, no problem. Something to work on. Now, I want you to form your magic into a spell.”
Pushing the mana into my palms, fire began to form again. Whispering the words, I began to chant as I had been trained. The fire started to transform in front of me. It became a ball before I released the energy; it was a massive ball of fire that exploded against the concrete wall. 
“Oh, very nice, very nice indeed. It seems you don’t have full control over your power yet.” 
“No, sometimes it comes out weak or very explosive.”
“Yes. I’m going to send you a variety of meditation and breathing guides. That’s your homework for the next week. Starting tomorrow, you’ll meet with Professor Green. We’ll meet again next Monday. Now let’s go get something to eat.” 


Interlude 1
“Stephen, that boy cannot be allowed to live. We don’t know what the families will do if he fully realises his power. "
“You know, I remember when I was just a young boy. By the age of 10, I had access to three types of magic. It was evident that I was to be an archmage from birth.”
“What does that have to do with the matter at hand?”
“The families feared me as well. An unknown child who possessed the power to rival them. It wasn’t until one particular king decided that I was worth saving. Otherwise, the heads of the families would have snuffed out my light.”
Stephen walked over to the huge oaken desk and took a seat in his large office chair. He grabbed the fine, ornate glass and swirled his drink. He thought deeply, considering the gravity of what came next, and the positions of his peers. 
The man took his seat across from Stephen and sighed deeply. 
“I don’t trust this plan, Stephen. You know this. Silvia agrees with me. I’m sure I can get Harold on board, rd too.” The man said. 
“No. I will personally mentor him. He will be better than his family. I will have him rise to the king and finally make the change we’ve long awaited to see. Killing members of the families will do nothing but start a war. That’s the last thing we want. China is vying for supreme power, and we don’t know what else they have up their sleeve.” 
The man drank what was his in his glass in one gulp. He looked Stephen in the eyes with a hard stare,e not breaking eye contact. “B, ah m, an disregard your loyalty to King Alfred. The old bastard is dead and gone, and has been for quite some time. The future is coming, Stephen. Which side will you stand on?” 
Stephen studied the man as he studied him. He carefully chose his following words. “Give me two years at least. If you’re not convinced in two years that the boy is worth saving, then I will fully support your plan. I want nothing more than to free this country from the families. That’s why I joined the Agency to begin with.”
The man gave Stephen one last hard look before he stood up. “You’ve got two years. If you fail, I’m hoping you’ll lend us your power in the coming war. With any hope it’ll be swift and quiet, no casualties.” The man began to walk out of the office.
“John, we both know the families will never go quietly. You should know more than anyone, considering your namesake and position.” Stephen smiled warmly at John’s back. 
“I have the Roths covered. My own flesh and blood would never betray me. I’ll be the last head of the Roth family.” 


Chapter 5
The first week at NYU wasn’t so bad after all. A lot of weird things have been taking place all around me, though. Things I can’t explain and maybe things my dad can’t understand. The first alarm sounded when Mr. Stephen decided to take over my training. Dad has always had our uncle George. The second was Mr. Wright seemingly teleporting. Johnny and I decided that leaving it be was the best course of action. Trying to explain something like that to our dad is a death sentence in itself. 
As worried as I was about the strange happenings, my classes began to pick up. Professor Green is an accomplished water mage, given the impossible task of teaching me water magic. 
“You know, Will, for some that everybody calls a slacker, you’ve been pretty engaged in the class.” Professor Green looked up at me from the test she had just graded. Professor Green had been settling into her twilight years. She was once a rather beautiful and powerful water mage. Despite the signs of aging, she held up well, looking much younger than her actual age. She had long, flowing brown hair, ocean-deep blue eyes, pale skin, and the slightest hint of freckles. Our class started later in the afternoon, when the rest of her classes had finished. Mr. Wright even paid her overtime for the extra class. 
“Well, now that you’ve caught up to your coursework, we can begin to work on practical magic. Now, Will, tell me everything you know about magic.” She asked, addressing me with a wicked smile. 
I contemplated for a moment and began to articulate my thoughts. Magic is the result of a person drawing upon their mana reserves to summon their natural element. Manifesting the aspect is not enough to consider magic yet. Next, one must chant the words of power. The words of power help us shape our element to our chosen application. Together, mana and the words of power create magic.” I said confidently. In another life, I’d be a scholar, not a political figure. Even though I’m a slacker, and scraping by doesn’t mean I don’t love knowledge. I prefer to pursue knowledge on my own terms. 
“Very good. What you just explained is an excellent example of how magic works at its base level. Let’s get into the most important rules that govern a person’s ability to use magic. Every person is born with mana, but not everyone can harness it. A user’s mana pool can grow with the proper training. I believe Mr. Wright already has you doing meditation and breathing exercises?”
“Yes, and I always feel like I’m going to die.”
“The mind is an important part of magic, allowing you to utilize your mana. Mana pools grow with both mental and physical training. Some mages are outliers that work in the opposite. The growth of the body is crucial to expanding mana pools, as the more physical strength you obtain, the more mana you can hold. Higher-level magic requires massive mana pools, and that is why some mages never fully commit to being a mage or incorporate what magic they can use into martial abilities. Some time ago, the Elder Council broke down magic into three types: offensive, defensive, and support. The dean has tasked me with helping you learn and master water magic. Mr. Wright seems to think that you’re an archmage in the making. Now let’s begin with simple magic.”
Professor Green used her classroom for the first lessons. She said that once we moved on to tidal waves, we would move, but until then, there was no need. She stood up from her desk and focused. Water began to pool in her palms, but it was calm. It didn’t rush out but stayed in place in her palm, like she wasn’t continuously pumping mana, but the water was still moving like there was an influx. 
“Water magic is used in two main ways: offense and support. Water is life; it is inherently used for healing. The human body needs water above all else. As you can see, Will, slow and tranquil. But do not be fooled, though, young archmage. Water is destructive; it is capable of leveling entire cities with enough power.” When she finished her sentence, the water in her palm began to ripple violently. Suddenly, the water shot out of her palm and hit me square in the chest. All of my breath was forced out of me, and I almost fell over in a loud huff of pain. 
“Not as tough as your father.” Professor Green was laughing, pleased with herself. 
“Sorry, Will. I needed you to see an example.”
“Which,” I wheezed. 
Continuing to laugh, she sat back down. I continued to wheeze before I was finally able to catch my breath. 
“Will, when you’re done wheezing, we can begin with the actual training. If you’ve been doing what was assigned to you by the dean, you should have no problem channeling mana.” 
As she finished, I started to channel my mana. I could feel the power rush to my palms. My mana had increased much more than I would have thought just through meditation and breathing. 
“Good, you even managed not to channel an element—such control. Now begin to imagine flowing water. Release your mind and surrender it to the flowing river.” 
I listened to her intently. Remembering my training, I began to lose myself in my mind. I was a part of the water, I was a river flowing, slowly, peacefully. A droplet fell from my palm and plopped onto the floor. I was exhausted, though. Just conjuring a droplet nearly drained my mana and left me physically weak. 
“Good, very good, young Sinclair. Well, that’s all for today. We’ll meet again on Tuesday. Enjoy the rest of your Sunday, Will. Oh, and don’t forget your class is with Mr. Wright tomorrow. Too-da-loo.” She practically ran out of the classroom. It was weird that I had class on Sundays, but I didn’t question it much. Apparently, this was not normal. Even Dad was surprised that my classes ran seven days a week. 
I didn’t think too much about it. The only thing on my mind now was sleep. I headed for the door on weak legs. I couldn’t believe the amount of energy it took to conjure up a new element. This explains why so few people could master more than one element. It’s a wonder that I was capable of two. 
“Will, how lovely to see you again.” Archie was waiting for me outside, to my surprise. 
“Archie, what are you doing here? It’s Sunday.” I asked, trying to conceal how exhausted I was. 
“Come now, cousin, we have much to do. First, you need to change into something much more suitable.”
“What are you on about, Archie?”
“Ahh, they must have forgotten to tell you. The king has called the Elder Council for a meeting. We, as the heirs, are mandated to be in attendance. Since this is your first, our fathers have tasked me with getting you ready. Now hurry up, you laggard, we don’t have much time.”


Chapter 6
Seeing Archie in a Honda Civic never ceased to amaze me. Archie always stood out amongst the children of the families. Most of us, myself included, drove luxury vehicles of some sort. But that wasn’t Archie. Normally, he’d be on one of his motorcycles, but today he drove the Civic. Archie stood at six-foot-seven, and I assume he weighed anywhere from 285 to 300 pounds. Despite his size, Archie held very little fat, primarily muscle. His sandy brown hair matched his brown eyes. He grew out his beard, which was unusual amongst the families, but no one ever really told him no. His hair was also long to match his beard, usually hanging around his shoulders, but for tonight, he put it up in a man bun. Archie was never one for formal events, but he dutifully served his family and was devoted to them entirely. 
“You know, Archie, your family is rich,” I said, fiddling with my phone as we drove. 
“Yes, Will, I am aware of the wealth my family possesses and how much I am to inherit.”
“Coulda fooled me, you big ox. Why cramp yourself in here? Better yet, why do you drive at all?”
“Because, unlike the rest of you, I am to remain humble. I will not overlook all that father has given me, but I will not flaunt it to those less fortunate than us. You’d do well to remember that one day we will run our families.”
“Ugh, don’t remind me, ox. Archie, did you ever actually want to be the head? I never had a choice.”
Archie pondered for a moment before answering. 
“I don’t remember. I was deemed heir at birth. That is my purpose, oh, and I guess to win as many tournaments as possible before I’m forced to retire.”
“Yes, the prize fighter. Very fitting for you. Well, I guess that answers what you’ll be doing after graduation.”
“You know it. I already have a contract lined up to compete in the World Tournament League.”
“Damn, Archie straight to the pros? How’d you wing that?”
“You said it yourself, Will. We are rich beyond our imaginations, and our families rule the country. It helps that I’m undeated. What about you? What are you gonna do after graduation? I know you still have three years to think about it. But remember, Will, whatever you choose, make sure it helps you prepare to lead the family.”
“I haven’t had to put much thought into it. Maybe join my sisters? I don’t know, maybe Mr.Wright will have something for me.”
“I’m surprised that the dean has taken you under his wing. Not only has he never done that, but I’m also surprised that your father let that happen.”
“He didn’t let it happen easily. Well, I guess that he didn’t have a choice.”
“Will, you don’t know how things work yet, but you will soon. I can promise you that something is happening behind the scenes. The archmages have been outside of the family’s control for years. Surprisingly, the king and the archmages have always had a good relationship. Mr. Wright and your father, in particular, have some bad blood. Father has never told me what it was; the heads keep it close to the chest. I’d be rather surprised if you haven’t been pulled into their secret war.”
My dad’s beef with Mr. Wright was news to me. Despite being his heir, Dad had mostly kept me out of the family’s dealings. Granted, I was only named heir six months ago. Still a surprise nonetheless. Why would Mr. Wright mentor me if he and my dad didn’t like each other? 
Before we could finish our conversation, or I could finish my thoughts, we had arrived. While the families are mostly located in the city, the king’s palace was located outside of the city, just about an hour outside of the city, north of White Plains. The palace was located in the middle of a deep forest. The surrounding area was covered in lush vegetation, of bushes and shrubs. Oak, birch, and maple trees were in abundance outside the gate. The gate itself was a large, black gate that spanned what appeared to be a couple of stories high. A single guard,  a burly older man with white hair, a white mustache, and a weathered look, manned the guard station. 
“Names.” He grumbled. 
“Archibald Duke and William Sinclair,” Archie responded. 
He nodded, thumbing through his paperwork. He turned to a small computer and began to type. Not long after, the large iron gate doors slowly opened, welcoming us to the center of regal splendor. 
The road was paved in an unearthly gray. It didn’t quite match the lush and vibrant greens that surrounded us. The road stretches before us, long and surprisingly straight. After what felt like hours, we finally arrived at the palace. Large and standing tall. The palace was beautiful and elegant, as if it had been brought back from the 1800s. We parked next to a slew of Rolls-Royces, Aston Martins, and Mercedes. We also look out of place in the small Honda Civic. Before we were able to exit the car, two servants, dressed in black suits with white undershirts, opened the doors for us. 
“Master Duke and Master Sinclair, please follow me.” One of the servants instructed, ushering us forward. “You will find the Elder Council and his majesty in the meeting room. Do not dally as they are waiting for you.” He ordered. I could not fully appreciate the beautiful home that surrounded me. As we rushed through, I caught glimpses of ornate sculptures, old, pristine paintings,  and hints of gold and silver. It was all very old-timey. Made me wonder if the king actually lived here.
Finally, we arrived at some older doors. They looked out of place compared to the old-money look of everything around us. The servant pushed the doors open and revealed a large open space. In the center sat a large circular table with the king sitting at the top. The heads were each positioned on the other parts of the table. The table was probably made of oak, but with gold features. In the center sat a drawing of the five families from earlier times. I didn’t recognize anyone in the portrait. 
As I was analyzing the room, I felt a pair of eyes bore into me. I looked around until I saw my dad shooting daggers at me. His face was slightly red, and he was gripping his glass tight. I think I might be late. I was too concerned with my dad to see that all five heads and the king were looking at me as well. Rodger Duke was smiling, thankfully. He was still my uncle. He looked like his son Archie. Tall and broad, a similar mountain of muscle, clean-shaven, and short auburn hair. “Boys! Finally, you join us.”His voice was loud and booming. 
The other three heads eyed us with amusement. Frederick Usher was the oldest head. He always had a certain evil look. His hair fell to his shoulders; it was white and wispy. He was clean-shaven, his skin old and wrinkly. His suit was a deep maroon; it fit him. Despite the suit, he was a skinny man. He had certainly seen better days. Next to him stood his son, Sebastian Usher. Sebastian was taller, lean, and muscular. Brown hair with brown eyes, clean-shaven, and he shared his father’s evil look. Also in a maroon suit, but not as dark. They matched like some evil duo. 
John Roth was a tall man, a little lanky, but with some muscle. His brunette hair was slicked back, with hazel eyes, and a clean-shaven face. His suit was finely pressed, a classic black suit. Noticeably absent was his first son and heir, John Roth Jr. He didn’t eye me for long, instead looking at his phone as it buzzed. 
Finally, there were the Kennedys. George Kennedy was the current head, growing older. He still had his platinum blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. His suit was white, and it seemed to match his personality. Next to him stood his son, Samuel Kennedy. Sam was the heir, taller than his father, and had inherited his father’s blonde hair and blue eyes. He had an athletic build and wore a light-blue suit. They sat next to the king and George’s brother, John Kennedy. John was elected to the throne five years ago. He continued the family trend of blonde hair and blue eyes. He wore an expensive, finely pressed suit in royal blue with gold accents, the color of the royal line. The king never married and had no kids. So far, his rule had gone well with high hopes of being elected to another term.
“Son, get over here.” My dad said with a burning scowl. 
“Come, now, Charles. No need to be so uptight. I heard the boy was at the school learning.” Rodger said,d smiling. 
“Mind yourself, you oaf.” My dad glared at Rodger.
“Sorry to interrupt you two, but now we can get started.” The king interjected.
“Of course, your majesty.” Charles and Rodger said in unison. 
“Good. I called all of you here for an important reason. First, young Sinclair, I’d love to give you a more formal introduction to the council you will eventually serve, but there are very pressing matters afoot. Recently, numerous operations under the discretion of the crown have been interrupted. Normally, I’d think that a foreign power was meddling in our affairs, but there is evidence contrary to that fact. There was no attempt even to frame anybody else. Whoever is responsible wants us to know.” A silence fell over the heads,s and their faces hardened. No one responded immediately. After an eternal silence, my dad finally spoke up, “Who in their right mind would act against the crown?” He asked. 
“I don’t know, but I do know that someone is killing royal mages.” The king responded. “This has been held from the public. The head of my guard was killed. As many of you know, Alonzo was no slouch. Whoever killed him was a mage of extreme power.”
“That’s preposterous,” George called out. “Alonzo’s strength rivaled that of Frederick’s.”
“Y, es I know brother. I don’t know anybody outside of the archmages that would possess that much power.” The king said. “Speaking of which, the archmages have been acting strangely.”
“I told you, your grace, that damn Stephen has been up to something.” My dad shouted out. “He’s been acting out of character. He’s a conniving scoundrel, and I know that he’s working against us.” 
“Charles, please. Keep your past out of serious matters.” Rodger shot back.
“Why don’t we ask the b?y.” Frederick had finally spoken. “A little bird told me that Mr. Wright is mentoring a certain Sinclair.” He smiled slyly. 
“Fr, ed keep my son out of this.” My dad’s anger was beginning to rise. 
“But Charles, it is a valid question.” John now spoke up.
“Yes, Charles. I thought the other George taught all of your children. I can’t imagine you’d let that happen.” Fred chimed in. 
“Unbeknownst to the two of you bastards, I try to keep the peace around the city.”
“Ha, bastard, that’s rich coming from you,” Fred replied. 
Fire began to rise around my dad. 
“Charles!” The king exclaimed. Bands of light like restraints appeared around my dad’s wrists.
“I’m sorry, by your grace. No need to suppress me.”
“Good, any more use of magic and I will have you removed, Charles.” The king declared. 
“Clearly, we can’t keep our cool heads tonight. We will reschedule for another day. I expect you will return with some grace. Dismissed.” Everyone grumbled as the shuffling of chairs and feet began. 
“One last thing. Young Will, I hope you can grant me an audience sometime this week.” I was stunned. I’d only ever met the king once. 
My dad whispered in my ear. “Answer,” he demanded.
“Yes, your grace,” I replied.
“Splendid, I look forward to it. Have your father get in touch.” With that, he exited the room. 
My dad glared up at me, still seated. “Let’s go, I’ve been meaning to talk to you.”


Chapter 7
We rode back in silence. What did my Dad want to talk about? I had no idea, and he was being tight-lipped about it. The only sound was that of the helicopter blades. The silence invaded my thoughts, someone louder than anything I could think of. A lot had happened in just a week, more than I cared to pay attention to. Usually, I try to stay on the fringes of family matters. Ever since Dad decided that I was to be heir, it had become harder and harder. 
Finally, the helicopter began to land. I looked outside to see that we weren’t at our home. Instead, we had landed at the Sinclair family building. 
“Son, I’ve been busy, but there is much for you to see. I’ve spent the last six months getting everything ready.” Dad finally spoke. His tone was much different than before. For most of my life, he was a hard man with overbearing expectations. We never saw eye to eye, and before he named me heir, our relationship was rocky to say the least. Now his voice was much softer, fatherly even. 
When the helicopter landed, a man was waiting on the helipad. He was a short, portly man. The man had long black hair that draped across his back, and his face was covered in a thick black beard. He looked to be at least in his fifties. He had on a tuxedo and bowed deeply when he opened the door for us.
“Son, this is Lloyd. He’s been serving the family for thirty years, and he will serve you when you take over.” 
Lloyd extended his hand, and I met it. We shook hands, his grip firm. He then bowed and said, “A pleasure, Master William.
I look forward to serving you as I have served your father and grandfather.” 
“Of course, Lloyd. Pleasure as well.” I replied. We continued down the helipad and into the top floor of the building. I’d never met Lloyd before. Who was this man? For someone who’s been working closely with the head of the family for so long, to have never met him is odd. 
Entering the building, my curiosity began to get the better of me. The room we entered was mostly barren. It appeared to be more of a large utility closet than a room. My Dad pressed the elevator button, and we waited. I broke the silence, “So, Lloyd, what is it you do here?” A quick look of shock appeared on his face, but he quickly regained his composure. The elevator slowly continued to rise from the 34th floor. 
“Well, sir, I do a little bit of everything.” Before he could continue, my Dad interjected.
“Son, don’t badger the man. You’ll see soon enough just how important he is to the company. No more talking, wait till we’re in my office.” 
With that, I embraced the silence, taking in the building that was to be mine. It was still a wild fact, and it hadn’t fully set in yet. I was to inherit all of this: the business, the building, the fortune, the properties. I could still hardly fathom that I’ll never have to worry about money, or eating, or any of what most normal people kill for. 
The elevator arrived, and all three of us entered. It was large, as far as elevators go. We each had space to ourselves. I looked at the buttons on the board and saw fifty levels. To my surprise, my Dad pressed the button below the first floor. Suddenly, the elevator felt like it was pushed as we careened down the elevator shaft. Before we hit the bottom, we fell to a slow, soft stop. 
Lloyd, seeing the look of surprise on my face, explained, “Young master, this elevator is private only to those with access to the upper levels. I am free to use my magic here. What you felt was magic pushing us and stopping us.” he smiled at me. 
“Don’t ask, boy.” My Dad chimed in before I could open my mouth.
The door opened, revealing an elegant room. The room was not some dingy basement, but a white palace. Two white couches lined the walls. In the center of the room was a glass coffee table with a white rug below. Four armchairs were placed in each corner of the room. In the middle of the room were two wooden doors. They stood amongst the white decor, gray floors, and walls. My Dad stalked forward towards the door, and it burst open before he could reach it. Lloyd had his hand up; I’m assuming he burst it open with magic. 
Inside the room was a large, modern-looking desk; it was wooden but painted gray. Portraits and paintings adorned the walls, showcasing different people and families. Two armchairs were in front of the desk. Off to the side, the room expanded with a large gray couch in the shape of an L forming around the corner. Next to the desk and the couch were glass drink tables, complete glasses, and different liqueurs. The desk had two computer screens off to the side. 
My Dad took his place behind the desk and sat down on an expensive-looking office chair. He motioned for me and Lloyd to sit down. My Dad reached over to the drink table and poured himself a drink. The glass was short, and an ice sphere was in it. He poured a brown liquid over the ice ball. 
Finally, he spoke, “Welcome to the head’s office. This room is the unofficial office of the head. The public office is on the top floor. One of our ancestors decided that he wanted his privacy when he was working late. Only you, me, and Lloyd know about this office. I intend to keep it that way. I believe it was Sylvester Sinclair who had this room made. There are many stories of Sylvester. He is most known for being a powerful whore monger, who I have no doubt created this space for that reason alone. Nonetheless, this office has become something more. Here lies the past of our ancestors, with all their victories and defeats. You and I will both fall into these walls before long.” He took a moment to sip from his glass. “Now, son, I must prepare you for what comes next. Your life has been outlined in great detail by me, your grandfather, and Lloyd.” 
“What do you mean?” I asked, my face letting on more emotion than I cared to express. 
“The Sinclair family has a long lineage of excellence, but we haven’t put a king on the throne in damn near a century—the great folly of the family. The last king of the Sinclair family was Jonathan Sinclair in 1914. Jonathan was assassinated early in his reign. There were never any suspects; the entire event was extremely suspicious. Since then, it’s like we’ve been barred from regency. Well, Father didn’t like that. After I was passed up in 2000, he put together a plan to change the families as we know them. Now it’s your turn to play your part.”
The news shocked me. How much did I really know about my family’s history? Clearly not enough, I’d never heard of Jonathan or his assassination. “How come I’ve never heard of Jonathan?” I asked
Dad sighed deeply before taking another drink from his glass. “It was swept under the rug, for the most part. Jonathan’s mistress was convinced that his assassin was from one of the families themselves and that his wife was in on the plot. She only ever told Jonathan’s heir and the next head of the family, Eustace. Eustance spent a large portion of his life searching for the perpetrators but never found out who they were. His son, Jonathan II, was passed over for the throne, and Eustace nearly went mad. He made sure that every generation of Sinclair since would know of Jonathan’s murder.”
I never thought the families had coexisted for so long without some battles, but this was regicide. A crime punishable by death. “But there was no evidence? Jonathan must have done something to anger the families. We’ve existed in harmony for so long. Mom is a Duke.” 
“Son, the families have been at each other’s throats since their inception. We keep the hostilities to a minimum and keep the other out of it. My marriage to your mother was to keep the peace between the Dukes and us.” He was swirling his glass, letting the liquid circle the sides. 
“Is that why you always cheat on her?” I shot back. Malice rose in my body, and I had no idea where it came from. 
“Watch your tongue, boy!” He roared, slamming his fist into the desk. “Your mother is weak. They arranged our marriage on purpose. Do you know why, boy?”
I could feel his eyes boring into me. For a second, I swear fire was dancing in his irises. 
“Exactly, boy. Don’t speak on matters that you can’t understand.” He downed his glass and then grabbed the decanter and poured another. “Are you done, you goddamn ingrate?”
There he was, the father I always knew. He was nothing but a ball of rage, much like the fire he commanded. “Yes, Father, I’m done,” I said, letting sarcasm coat my voice like a poisoned blade. 
“You goddamn brat. I was married to your mother because they feared me. They feared the power I hold, and the council decided that my children would not be allowed to be powerful. The goddamn fools, but it was all a part of the plan. Now shut up and listen.” He commanded. He took a large swig from his drink.
I sighed, remembering why I hated this man. To make matters worse, he was taking my life away from me. 
“You are to graduate from NYU. You don’t have to be at the top of your class, but there is an expectation for you. In the past fifty years, no head or heir of the Sinclair family has finished school outside of the top five of their class. You are expected to continue this tradition. You’ve already been inducted into the Hall of Heirs, and the brand should be deeply ingrained with you. The brand will continue to grow with your mana. While it won’t affect your abilities, it is meant to serve as a reminder of who and what you are. After graduation, you will come to work for me. Ken and I have agreed as well. You are to marry Emily Kennedy. Marrying into the Kennedy family will greatly benefit us in the future. Son, you have to realize that, as my firstborn son, it is on you to carry our family’s legacy. When I’m done, and you take over, everything will be in place for you to complete my plan. William, you will be the one to usher in a new era for the Sinclair family. We will rule this country ourselves.”
What was he talking about? Ruling the country alone? Wait. I’m going to marry Emily. All of this information was overwhelming me. I still hadn’t had time to rest. My exhaustion was beginning to weigh me down, compounded by the exertion from earlier training.  
“Wait,” I said. “What does Lloyd have to do with my life? And ruling the country? What are you on about?” I didn’t fully process it until right now. I had just met Lloyd for the first time, but apparently, his role in the family was much larger than I could fathom, and he had a hand in shaping my life. A man I never knew is dictating my life?  
My dad took another sip of his drink, eyeing me thoughtfully. “The true role of Lloyd will be revealed to you after you start working here. Just know that he is vital to what the future holds. I told you, Lloyd, he wouldn’t be able to handle the plan’s framework yet. He doesn’t understand what’s at stake.” I looked over at Lloyd, but he was stoic. His face never moved. His long black hair draped over his shoulders. 
“I understand your hesitation, Lord Sinclair, but hiding the truth from him will not do him any good. He is to control the entire fortune, and the future rests solely on his shoulders. Boy, there is much more going on beneath the surface than you realize.” Lloyd’s tone had taken a commanding and stern note. His politeness was gone, but his respect continued as he looked me in the eyes the entire time. His eyes were voids that I lost myself in. I could feel his power through his stare. The gateway into his soul was dominating me; whoever this man was, he was much more than a servant. 
“There are forces at work that seek to end the families. One force is working outside the families, and the other is working within them. The murder of Alonzo has been a hot topic among the elites of the country. Alonzo held immense power as a mage. I trained him personally.” He was stroking his bear and staring into my eyes.
“I suppose you’re right.” Dad chimed in. “What Lloyd says is correct, but together, son, the three of us will stop whatever is happening, and you, son, will ascend to the throne.” 
Panic was beginning to set in. Whatever was going on was shaking me to my core. I had no idea what was going on, but it was clear that as of right now, I’m on the outside looking in. 
“N, ow and more importantly, a lot of what I had planned has changed. I never expected Stephen to mentor you. The damned bastard. Butting into family business. I know that you’re the only student he mentors. And this bullshit course plan he has for you. I have half a mind to send you to another school, but no official member of the family has ever attended another school. What has he told you and taught you?”
I could see the anger rising in Dad’s eyes. His fists were balled up, and he killed his glass, quickly refilling it. 
“I mean, not much really. He’s given me breathing exercises and meditation as my homework. The first week I’ve spent with Professor Green learning about the water element.” For a quick second, his eyes dart towards Lloyd. There was a look in his eye, the same look I’ve known all my life. Anger. Pure, unbounded rage and anger. He gripped the glass tighter, threatening to break it. I noticed the dark brown liquid begin to boil. 
“Motherfucker.” He exclaimed. 
Lloyd’s face was still all stone. He stroked his beard unbothered. There was something about Lloyd now that was making me uneasy. Maybe it was all the mystery surrounding him. All I know is that I was ready to go home. This was a fucked up Sunday, and I still had school tomorrow. 
Dad finally rose from his seat. “Lloyd, we’ll have to expedite our plans. Be prepared for tomorrow.” 
Lloyd nodded curtly, “Of course, sire.”
“Son, starting tomorrow Lloyd will take over your studies, he will be your new mentor. He’ll be at NYU tomorrow, dean be damned. I’ll be honest with you. Will have the potential to become an archmage. You will be stronger than even I. Lloyd here possesses access to all four elements. He was never able to master all four, but he can use all four. He will teach you not only to cultivate your power, but also how to lead. Now let’s go, my schedule just got a lot busier.” He killed his drink again and made his way to the elevator. Lloyd followed behind him. I was still sitting dumbfounded. What was this plan? What was my Dad up to? And how did I fall into the fold? Me on the throne? There was no way in hell. I wasn’t even suited to be the head of the family. 
“Why me? Why not Johnny, or Elise, or Gertrude ? They are suited for whatever it is you’re planning.” I was incredulous. How long had this plan been in place?
“Don’t be foolish. A woman hasn’t been an heir since the 1930s. You should know that women have no place amongst us in the council. As for Johnny, he’s a bastard, but he will play his role, soon.” He let that ominous warning hang as he finished his drink. “Now let’s go, there is much to do tomorrow.” He pushed himself up and started off to the office. 
I sat there for a moment as Dad and Lloyd exited the room. I didn’t wait much longer before joining them at the elevator. I felt my world spinning. Before I was named as heir, I had so much planned for my life. I didn’t even plan on going to college. There was a world out there for me to see, and I wanted to travel around and play golf. Now I was heading towards a different kind of hell. One that the majority of the globe wouldn’t come close to. But how does one man’s blessing become another man’s hell? I didn’t expect to find anyone who understood. Everyone else in the families loved their lives and couldn’t wait to serve the families. A hell wrapped in gold, one that 99% of the world’s population would kill me for. 


Interlude 2
Master Charles had just left with his son and heir William. The helicopter blades were still blowing air, pushing back Lloyd’s long hair. For the past thirty years he has served the Sinclair family faithfully. He knew he could continue to do so until he could no longer. William was different from both his father and grandfather. First, he possessed power that far surpassed both of them. Charles is largely considered to be one of the strongest mages on Earth. A feat within itself due to the fact the only has mastery over one element. To the disappointment of Charles, William did not want to be the next head. But for Charles’s plan to work he needed the William as the head of the family. 
As Lloyd watched the helicopter finally depart, he snapped out of his thoughts and was ready to prepare for the next day. Charles’s big plan was coming to fruition and Lloyd had much work to do. 
Turning to walk off the helipad, Lloyd thought he saw movement. No one should be up here normally, especially not at this time. Cautiously, Lloyd prepared himself for whatever might come next. He began to channel his mana and allowed it to pool in hands. No elements leaked out, but should anything jump out he would send it flying off the building. 
“Evening Lloyd. Or should I call you by your true name?” A voice came from somewhere around Lloyd.
“Who’s there?” Lloyd asked, fruitlessly. 
Lloyd looked around calmly. Despite the bright lights of Manhattan, the roof of the Sinclair building was covered in shadows. His anxiety began to rise despite his cool demeanor. Whoever managed to get to the top of this building was either, insanely powerful, or just plain insane. The families always took their security seriously. Lloyd began to move towards the edge of the helipad towards the door leading inside. He would need to see his target to actually hurt them. Spewing elements about would only make things worse. 
As he reached the edge of the helipad towards the stairs a single person stood on the stairs. 
“The old War Hound himself.” Lloyd could see the person now. He was tall, well over six feet, he clad in a black cloak, an all white mask covered his face.
“How do you know that name?” Lloyd demanded. He felt his anger begin to rise, as more and more mana pooled into his hands. Elements began to leak out now, all four. Drops of water, fire, earth and air leaked out in waves. 
“I know all about you Lloyd. The War Hound, the mercenary that never lived. I know all about your campaigns with grandpa Sinclair before he took over as head. How many innocents did you kill War Hound.” The figure responded cooly. He knew far more about Lloyd than Lloyd could have ever imagined. 
“My records were wiped. My history doesn’t exist, I don’t exist.” Lloyd was sweating now, failing to control his mana. 
“But of course, the secret weapon of the Sinclair family has no name. But I know who and what you are Lloyd, the War Hound, the failed archmage. Just because you possess all four element doesn’t mean that you mastered all of them. Now I must kill you Lloyd, no matter how much it hurts me to do so.” Lloyd didn’t respond to the figure’s words. He reverted back to his old ways, the man he used to be. 
Lloyd chanted lowly, as pieces of earth shot towards the figure. The figure vanished into shadows below, but Lloyd didn’t stop his assault. Instead, Lloyd embraced the violence. Waves of water left Lloyd’s palms. He intended to flood his assailant out of the shadows. As the water left his hands, black tendrils of shadow shot towards him. He jumped back quickly, deceptively fast for someone his age. Despite rounding the ripe age of 53, he still possessed all his agility and athletic ability. 
“Nimble as ever War Hound.” The assailant remarked. “I wonder though, what else does the War Hound have up his sleeve.” The figure taunted. He had reappeared on the helipad. Shadows swirled about him, lashing out at the corners. Dark magic. Only a few people possessed dark magic, and of those only one was still alive. 
“You fiend. Making deals with demons. I guess there’s no way around it then.” Lloyd said. 
Lloyd reached into his pocket and pulled out a syringe. He jabbed himself in the neck with the syringe, pushing a dark blue liquid into his veins. 
“Tsk, tsk, War Hound. Drugs at a time like this.” The figure responded. 
Lloyd’s veins began to bulge, pushing their way out of his skin. An eye formed on his forehead, or at least what looked like an eye. Lloyd’s mind began to swim. He vision blurred but his mana had become wild. The strength of his mana increased tenfold. Mana channeled freely now, without the need for thought. Elements rapidly fell from Lloyd. He chanted low and powerful. A massive violent wave of fire shot towards the figure. The figure vanished right before Lloyd’s eyes. 
“You should know better War Hound. You yourself killed two of the last three dark magic users. It seems that you that lovable blowhard Charles have been up to no good. What would the families think of one of their own producing drugs. A drug that turns people into monsters it seems.”
Lloyd fought back his concuss for just a moment. “I’ll kill you and whatever demon your married to.” Lloyd barked before giving his mind back to the blind power that coursed through him. With more chanting the building began to shake. Slowly then violently. More tendrils of shadow shot towards Lloyd, but he fended them off with a wall of fire. The sleeves of his tuxedo had been torn off as his muscles expanded to twice their normal size.
“Oh my! You can even affect the physical environment around you? Scary.” The figure taunted. 
Lloyd began to chant furiously. The ground shook even more violently threatening to topple the Sinclair building. As he chanted more, water began to spew from him, violently. With one last breath, Lloyd screamed the last words of power. A violent gust of air assaulted the area around him, the ground shook to a violent stop, and a ten foot wall of water swept across the helipad and area below. Lloyd was breathing hard, his vision beginning to go dark. 
“Oh, man War Hound, you really scared me.” The figure poofed from shadows in front of Lloyd as he knelt down to one knee. His mana was draining fast, the downside of the drug. 
The figure removed his mask and squatted down to look Lloyd in the eyes. 
“You, fucking bastard.” Lloyd said hoarsely. 
“I know Lloyd, I know. How could I? Well you see Lloyd, I know all about this little plan of Charles. I also know that you are the lynch pin of it all. I can’t have that, the boy is far too powerful. The families can’t have an archmage in their possession. Don’t worry Lloyd I won’t kill the boy yet. Stephen has a plan for him, and he has a deadline. If he can’t be brought into line then he will die. I know what’s to come next, and I know about your little wonder drug. I know where it comes from Lloyd.” 
Lloyd was in awe. There was no way someone like him could know all this. Lloyd and Charles were sure to cover all their tracks, and tie up any loose ends. 
“You can’t stop what’s coming you dirt fiend. How much longer before you graduate to black magic?”
“Not much longer. If you had embraced the shadows like me Lloyd we could have ruled this world. You’re so much more powerful than myself, but here you are. Kneeling before me. I wish things could have gone differently Lloyd, but you’ve left me no choice. You cannot be allowed to support the Sinclair boy. I’ll see you on the other side one day. Keep my spot warm.”
The man put his mask back on and stood up. The shadows whipped about dramatically. Finally, they settled upon their target. The shadows shot out and pierced Lloyd skewering him head to toe. He died quickly with little pain. The shadows started to suck Lloyd’s mana from his body. The masked man allowed the mana to wash over him, empowering him. The sound of sirens finally blared out loud as the shadow veil dropped. Then the lights flickered and masked man was gone, leaving Lloyd impaled on spikes of shadows. 


Chapter 8
The best thing about old money is the housing. The families landed in New York City shortly after the British took control of the city in 1666. The first Sinclair ancestor constructed the Sinclair family mansion next to Central Park, well before it was Central Park. In addition to the mansions, the families owned multiple residences throughout the city. I lived in the family mansion. When Dad named me heir, he ripped away all thoughts of moving away. Regardless, it was at least a nice existence. Help was available around the clock from maids, drivers, chefs, and anyone I could ask for. 
I woke up around noon, after the day I had, I needed the rest. The house was empty, as expected. Not many of my 10 siblings lived at the house. Mom had probably headed out for the day as well, and I didn’t need to meet Mr. Wright until five. Ample time to do what the hell I pleased, which was becoming harder and harder to do. 
No notifications on my phone, which was a good sign. Lloyd was supposed to take over schooling today; however, the hell that was supposed to happen. However, I hadn’t heard from the mystery man. I’d have to ask Mom later about what she knew about Lloyd. I could probably ask my uncle as well. 
That could all wait for later, right now I wanted to smoke and eat some breakfast. My muscles ached from summoning water for the first time. The strain from channeling mana was unlike anything else. I could feel that my mana reserves were still depleted, meaning I couldn’t do any meaningful training today. I’d still have to meditate and practice breathing, but after my morning routine. 
Collecting myself after exiting the shower, my phone buzzed. I looked down to see a notification from Emily Kennedy, and my heart skipped a beat. I was still processing that our dads agreed to marry us off after graduation. I’d had a crush on her my entire life, yet it was weird for her to reach out to me. Unlocking my phone, I read the text “Get dressed, we need to talk. I’ll be over in 20 minutes.” Uh oh, that can’t be good. I wonder if her dad had the same talk with her. Well, there goes my morning. 
I rushed to get dressed. Emily despised any drug usage; she was weird. Sometimes she did do drugs, though, fucking hypocrite. Rushing through the suddenly too-big house, I grabbed my bag of essentials and rushed into the back patio. I took a seat at the elegant gold table, placing my bag on the glass top. 